3. Content that attempts to offer, sell, gift, exchange, or transfer firearms (including explosives), firearm parts (including
ammunition, or lethal enhancements or promote or otherwise provide access to 3D printing or computer aided
manufacturing instructions for firearms or firearms parts between private individuals defined as:
a. Mentions or is associated with firearms, firearm parts (including ammunition, lethal enhancements, explosives,
3D gun printing files or any of the above and a product unrelated to firearms, and
b. Making an attempt to sell or trade, by which we mean:
i Explicitly mentioned the product is for sale or trade, OR
ii. Asking the audience to buy, OR
iii. Listing price or noting product is free
iv. Encouraging contact about the product EITHER BY
1. Explicitly asking to be contacted, OR
2. Including any type of contact information
v. Making an attempt to solicit the item for sale, defined as:
1. Stating that they are interested in buying the good, OR
2. Asking if anyone else has the good for sale/trade
vi. AND is not posted by a Page representing a real brick-and-
mortar store, legitimate website, brand, or
government agency (eg. Police Department, Fire Department, etc.)
4. Trade (buying or selling) of human organs and/or blood where trade is defined as:
a. Mentioning or depicting the human organs and/or blood AND
b. Explicitly mention human organs and/or blood are for selling or buying OR
c. Listing a price or expressing willingness to discuss price.
5. Encouraging contact to facilitate the trade of human organs and/or blood
6. Content that attempts to sell animals on the platform UNLESS when sold by
a. Brick-and-mortar entities OR
b. Animal rehoming entities or shelters
7 Content that attempts to sell, poach, buy, giveaway endangered species and their parts
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
Examples
• a drug name AND a location (eg, 'marijuana london'
, 'Isd mexico)
• a drug name AND the name of any messaging service (e.g., 'kik potdealer', wicker cocaine')
mentioning or donirtina the drie name AND term(s) that indicate an attempt to buy, solicit or trade (eg. 'iso opium
