ssary of Terms
ollowing terms and their meanings will be used throughout this guideline:
Query: The text used to perform a search for specific results. The word(s) or phrase entered into the search engine
(e.g. "cat videos," "pancake recipes," "Michelle Obama").
Suggestion: The text returned by the typeahead based on the searcher's original query and information. In the image
above, each line of text which appears below the user's original query, "survivor," is one suggestion.
String: The characters, words, and/or phrases which make up the text of a query or suggestion. For the purpose of
this guideline, "string" refers to the query in the Typeahead Binary Sensitive workflow, and to the suggestion in the
Typeahead Sensitive Monitoring workflow.
Proper Name: A name which refers to a specific person, Facebook group, Facebook page, place, brand, title, etc (ie.
a proper noun).
i18n: Abbreviation for "Internationalization. In this guideline, i18n refers to a workflow which rates results in
languages other than English.
Animal abuse: Animal abuse includes any of the following actions against an animal: Kicking, beating, or biting of an
animal by a person; torture; imagery of animal fights which depict graphic violence, unless in the wild; animal
slaughter in a hunting, manufacturing, or food preparation context.
Bullying: Purposeful targeting of a private individual with intent to degrade or shame.
Child abuse: Child abuse includes any of the following actions against a child: Kicking, beating, slapping, and/or
stepping on a child; strangling or suffocation; drowning; biting through the skin; poisoning; forcible restraint;
inflicting burn or cut wounds, forcible smoking, or drug/alcohol intake for a baby or toddler; tossing, rotating, or
shaking infant (too young to stand) by the wrists/ankles, arms/legs, or neck.
Hate crimes: a criminal act committed with a prejudiced motive targeting sensitive characteristics
Hate Speech: Refers to content which attacks a group or individual based on any of the following protected
characteristics: race, ethnicity, national origin, religious affiliation, caste, sexual orientation, sex or gender identity,
serious disability or disease.
In the context of hate speech, "attack" is defined as violent or dehumanizing speech, statements of inferiority,
and calls for exclusion/segregation.
• Protected group characteristics: The following characteristics are protected: race, ethnicity, national origin, religious
affiliation, caste, sexual orientation, sex or gender identity, serious disability or disease. Hate speech includes attacks
which target hate or harassment against individuals and groups who identify under any of these characteristics,
• Regulated goods: Prescription drugs, non-medical drugs(eg: marijuana), animals(eg: husky, snake) and firearms (eg:
bomb, weapon).
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
o Animal sales, unless by:
