Remember, you are rating based on the string itself, and not on the results generated by a search engine. Use the side
search search results only to assess the meaning of the suggestion, and not to determine the final label decision
• Many common names may generate pornographic results (e.g."mary ann"), these should not be considered sensitive.
• A string such as "phonograph photos" is not sensitive in nature. A side search will show that a phonograph is an audio
device, and so photos of this are not considered sensitive.
For any incomplete suggestions, do your best in assessing whether it is very likely to be completed in a specific form, and
rate based on that. For example:
"girls having se". It is very likely that the last word is an incomplete form of "sex", and you should rate the string
sensitive.
• "dirty pu" - The string is incomplete, and unclear enough that we cannot determine intent. A side search may show
various results, meaning that it is not certain that "dirty pu" is an incomplete form of "dirty pussy". In cases like this,
you should not rate the string sensitive.
0 - CHILD EXPLOITATION
This includes queries / suggestions with intent for content related to the sexual exploitation of children If the string
includes any indication of this type of exploitation, select 1 - Sensitive and the label Child Exploitation
Child Exploitation includes, but is not limited to queries / suggestions which:
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
• Contain anything related to sexual activity involving minors, soliciting minors, or sexualizing of minors
o e.g. "body of a 12 year old", "child erotic", "kids touching each other", "jailbait", "molesting child"
• Sexualize teens and do not contain explicit intent for teens aged 18 or over
o "teens in panties","teens in thongs", "sex teen"
• Imply a minor involved in a sexual setting
o e.g. colombian little girl student sex
• Contain pornographic terms or genres that sexualize minors
madia feucine on the attraction to young or prepubescent girls)
