• Protected group characteristics: The following characteristics are protected: race, ethnicity, national origin, religious
affiliation, caste, sexual orientation, sex or gender identity, serious disability or disease. Hate speech includes attacks
which target hate or harassment against individuals and groups who identify under any of these characteristics.
• Regulated goods: Prescription drugs, non-medical drugs(eg: marijuana), animals(eg: husky, snake) and firearms (eg:
bomb, weapon).
o Animal sales, unless by:
Brick-and-mortar entities
Animal rehoming entities or shelters
• Marijuana is used to achieve a 'high' and purchase/sale/trade. Hash oil, weed, oil, liquid cannabis, and spice are
related to and should be treated like marijuana. CBD products, including CBD oil is a component of the cannabis
plant but does not cause a 'high', so it is non-violating and should not be treated like marijuana. Sale/purchase/trade
of marijuana related paraphernalia (bongs, pipes, etc.) do not violate.
• A non-medical drug is any drug that:
o does not repair an type of physical or psychological condition;
o does not achieve a legitimate medical purpose or procedure;
a is described by an external source as being used to achieve a 'high' or altered state of being, although not
necessarily as its primary use.
• A pharmaceutical drug is any drug used to treat a medical condition that is not widely available without a
prescription. If you can find a drug in a basic first aid kit, it generally is not a pharmaceutical drug. For example,
headache medicine (aspirin, ibuprofin, tylenol, etc.), cough drops, vitamins, protein powders or supplements are not
considered pharmaceutical drugs. When in doubt, you can check the status of a drug
at: https://www.drugs.com/drug_information.html. If it is described as anything but 'OTC' then it is likely a
pharmaceutical drug. Birth control (pills, rings, IUDs, etc.) and abortion inducing medications are considered
pharmaceutical products, but condoms are not
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
Instructions for Immediate Escalation
If potential Self-Injury/Suicidal Content, or Time-Sensitive Credible Threat is the reason for marking as "sensitive," then
escalate the Job ID immediately to your manager.
