7- REGULATED GOODS
Policy rationale: To encourage safety and compliance with common legal restrictions, we prohibit attempts by individuals.
manufacturers, and retailers to purchase, sell, raffle, gift, transfer or trade non-medical drugs, pharmaceutical drugs.
marijuana, firearms, firearm parts, ammunition, explosives, and 3D printed files to firearm and firearm parts between
private individuals on Facebook. Some of these items are not regulated everywhere, however, because of the borderless
nature of our community, we try to enforce our policies as consistently as possible. Firearm stores and online retailers may
promote items available for sale off of our services as long as those retailers comply with all applicable laws and regulations
We allow discussions about sales of firearms and firearm parts in stores or by online retailers and advocating for changes to
firearm regulation
Offensive Regulated Goods content can be any of the following:
1. Content about non-medical drugs (other than alcohol or tobacco) that:
a. Co-ordinates or encourages others to sell non-
medical drugs
b. Depicts, admits to, attempts purchase, or promotes sales of non-medical drugs committed by the poster of the
content or their associates
c. Promotes, encourages, coordinates, or provides instructions for use or make non-medical drugs
d. Written or verbal admissions to personal use of non-medical drugs, UNLESS the content is posted in a recovery
context.
2. Content that depicts the sale or attempt to purchase marijuana and pharmaceutical drugs
a. Mentions or is associated with marijuana on pharmaceutical drugs, and
b. Makes an attempt to donate (between private individuals) or sell or trade, by which we mean:
i. Explicitly mentioning the product is for donation (between private individuals) or sale or trade or delivery
OR
ii. Asking the audience to buy, OR
iii. Listing the price, OR
iv. Asking or giving away the product for free between private individuals OR
v. Encouraging contact about the product EITHER BY
1. Explicitly asking to be contacted, OR
2. Including any type of contact information
foreslo defined as:
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
