gateway groups qanon"
(BOT<
Concerto Feedback Group
October 8, 20202
These changes are new, small inconveniences piled atop frustrating user-experience
decisions that Facebook has been making for more than a decade. But they are the latest
example of how Facebook tries to shape every user's experience through black box
algorithms-and how this approach harms not only individuals but the world at large.
This article has actionable feedback around (many of which we may already be taking action
upon):
• Lack of Control: Seeing groups that are unsolicited (including groups they explicitly left!).
choices for comment ranking not being sticky, likewise even intimate conversations being
chained outwards through community view.
Danger of Rabbit Holes: It discusses how while most are introduced to conspiracy theories
by word of mouth, recommendations engines and the chaining of content and communities
often reinforce the dangerous ideas or lead them far deeper.
Quotes + Potential Action Items
LACK OF CONTROL
But those are groups that we, the users, sought out and joined. Unsolicited content from
other, unsubscribed groups is not always welcome. I myself noticed in recent weeks that
posts from groups I am not a member of appeared when I tried to use Facebook's
increasingly user-hostile app to engage with the handful of friends-and-family groups I do
regularly use. And those out-of-the-blue posts include content from two groups I explicitly
and intentionally left a month prior because they were making my life worse.
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
Having that kind of content also appear in your personal newsfeed (which has not yet been
rolled out to me) is apparently even worse. "It was creepier than I expected to see 'related
discussions' hyped next to a short comments thread between my mom and my brother
about her latest post," tech writer Rob Pegoraro (who has occasionally written for Ars)
tweeted after experiencing the new feature. (He added that Facebook's obsession with
engagement "needs to be shot into the sun," a sentiment with which I agree.)
• Doublecheck that at a minimum we're not recommending groups people have
Chats
• Consider introducing a way to stop receiving in-feed unconnected content. T
