Facebook at the same time has introduced a slew of tweaks to the user interface on both
Web and mobile that make it significantly harder to promote high-quality engagement on
the platform, particularly in groups. First, all groups now sort by "latest activity" as their
default setting rather than by "recent posts." Sorting by "latest activity" drives users to
posts that already have comments-but every post is then sorted by "top comments," an
inscrutable, out-of-sequence muddle that seems to have almost nothing to do with the
conversations themselves. Users can again choose to sort by "all comments" or "most
recent," but those choices do not stick. Whether by design or by flaw, the decision to sort
by recent posts isn't sticky, either, and you'll need to reselect it every single time you post
a comment or navigate between posts.
Meaningful, thoughtful conversation-even in small, serious, well-moderated groups--has
become almost impossible to maintain. That, too, drives sniping, bickering, and extremism
on a small, conversational scale.
• Make choices on comment ranking sticky?
Likewise how do we make sure the comments we are ranking aren't leading to more
polarized discourse? How can they still reflect the group norms and standards?
DANGER OF RABBIT HOLES (FROM AN ARTICLE LINKED WITHIN)
But the Q believers I spoke with stumbled upon these incomprehensible ideas the old-
fashioned way. They say they were indoctrinated (though they don't use that term) by their
parents, other family members, and friends, or introduced to the conspiracy through word-
of-mouth, rather than via the algorithms that have received the most national attention.
But word-of-mouth alone isn't enough. The ability of people sitting at home to follow the
online rabbit holes downward is critical. Moms are seeing an ever-changing web of
trafficking conspiracy theories bounce around their circle of mom friends, like the
debunked Wayfair conspiracy theory and USPS phishing text scam. The Jeffrey Epstein
saga, a real-life case that involved an alleged sex trafficking ring and was covered by
reputable news outlets, has also served as a key gateway into QAnon.
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
• Word-of-mouth and algorithmic recommendations seem to have compounding risks that
we need to consider beyond evaluating our recommendations and invite system
separately?
. I saw another post discussing the need for intentional friction in Concerto so seems like
we're thinking about it already!
Lastly I think the framing of "Engagement" is a good reminder that Concerto couk Chats
