ateway groups qanon"
by word of mourn, recommendations engines ana ine craining or content and communities
often reinforce the dangerous ideas or lead them far deeper.
Quotes + Potential Action Items
LACK OF CONTROL
But those are groups that we, the users, sought out and joined. Unsolicited content from
other, unsubscribed groups is not always welcome. I myself noticed in recent weeks that
posts from groups I am not a member of appeared when I tried to use Facebook's
increasingly user-hostile app to engage with the handful of friends-and-family groups I do
regularly use. And those out-of-the-blue posts include content from two groups l'explicitly
and intentionally left a month prior because they were making my life worse.
Having that kind of content also appear in your personal newsfeed (which has not yet been
rolled out to me) is apparently even worse. "It was creepier than I expected to see 'related
discussions' hyped next to a short comments thread between my mom and my brother
about her latest post," tech writer Rob Pegoraro (who has occasionally written for Ars)
tweeted after experiencing the new feature. (He added that Facebook's obsession with
engagement "needs to be shot into the sun," a sentiment with which I agree.)
• Doublecheck that at a minimum we're not recommending groups people have left?
Consider introducing a way to stop receiving in-feed unconnected content. This resonates
with me, IG has started showing follow recommendations in between stories. They provide
an option to see these recommendations less which I value the option to (although it
doesn't seem to be very effective at dialing it down at the moment)
• I think we may need some threshold on the original post before applying adding chaining to
it through CV. I can see how CV can feel different attached to a friends/family post vs. on a
group's or page's post. Maybe there needs to be a certain number people in a conversation
before CV is applied?
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
Facebook at the same time has introduced a slew of tweaks to the user interface on both
Web and mobile that make it significantly harder to promote high-quality engagement on
the platform, particularly in groups. First, all groups now sort by "latest activity" as their
default setting rather than by "recent posts." Sorting by "latest activity" drives users to
posts that already have comments-but every post is then sorted by "top comments," an
inscrutable, out-of-sequence muddle that seems to have almost nothing to do with the
conversations themselves. Users can again choose to sort by "all comments" or "most
recent," but those choices do not stick. Whether by design or by flaw, the decision to
by recent posts isn't sticky, either, and you'll need to reselect it every single tin Chats
