Suggestion-based connections added during onboarding are low quality: over
two thirds contacts added during onboarding do not lead to a WAT in 7 days,
and close to 90% of the contacts shown during onboarding are irrelevant.
Another thought on this - we've heard from Research many times that parent's
perception of who their kids' friends are can be very different from who the kids are
actually wanting to chat with.
So there's also a scenario where the suggestions might be high-quality as far as the
PARENT is concerned, but low quality for the kid's likelihood of chatting. Of course
it's still not great for K2KWAT purposes, but we should also think about how likely it
can be for contact suggestions to lead to WAT is parents are the actors to begin
with. FWIW, the parents are still intentionally sending those requests, so they're still
"quality" from that perspective. (I am not at all arguing that we actually are good in
quality now. Just stating that "quality" is definitionally dependent, so we should
precise on what we consider "quality". - I think this is your shared meta-purpose of
the post anyway )
The 90% shown being irrelevant number is a better judge of quality from the
"likelihood to act" perspective, but also a weird metric (ie. easy to manipulate that
number by just showing more or less people in the list). One click deeper here can
be interesting to see how many "high coefficient" suggestions we show, and what
the "send rate" for those users are. (ie, are we ranking incorrectly, or don't have the
appropriate people available to rank in the first place)
PYMK for my personal FB account, for example, is pretty "bad" nowadays because I
have a stable friend graph, so would have a low relevance rate for me. At most I
might have 1 suggestion I would consider friending, so I might have 95%
suggestions being irrelevant. Cold-start graphs have a same potential problem. But
this looks very different for other people, and doesn't necessarily mean it's bad
either.
Redacted for Congress
