LIке керту 2y
I think whats tricky is the different ways you can view this. Does
personal loyalty extend to family and not just friends?
I've been trying to force myself to think what if someone I wasn't only
friends with, but was family members with, was accused of something!
would never believe them of doing (whether it be sexual assault,
harassment, or any crime)
As much credible evidence is put forward, I've seen examples where people
say (even after proof is found) that they" could never have believed the
person was capable of action x". And if there was evidence they fail to see it
(or want to see it), picturing cases where someone commits suicide, and
friends or family are completely taken aback.
Along these lines, I've seen many comments say they would stop being
friends with that person. Fair in this instance on points I've seen - but we'd
have to then imagine a scenario outside of this one, with a familial tie - one
can't simply stop being family with someone. Whats the ask in a case like
that? Are we just in telling those people they must cut them off or should it
be something they choose?
a
Like Reply 2y Edited
I agree with you, not to mention that, in this case, there was
literally no corroborating evidence to convince Joel to believe some
stranger over his friend of 20 years
Pretty sure if this was my best friend or my partner, I would believe them if
they ardently claimed they didn't do it (because I know them), in the
absence of a consistent story and some sort of corroborating evidence. I
mean other than the word of a woman receiving hero status among large
sections of the population, plus hundreds of thousands of dollars on
gofundme, making the claim
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
Like Reply 2y
For this particular case, I am very skeptical of Kavanough
and continue to think he's lying, but for reasons I know are not strong
arguments, like how he conducted himself during the hearing and how he
answered questions erratically/evasive (my opinion/perception & not fact),
but obviously there's no science, logic or backing to my stance there rather
than gut feelings and perception.
That aside, I know if any of my friends or family were accused of something,
I'd demand an insane degree of proof to override my doubts and self
awareness of that person built over time.
