Like
For this particular case, I am very skeptical of Kavanough
and continue to think he's lying, but for reasons I know are not strong
arguments, like how he conducted himself during the hearing and how he
answered questions erratically evasive (my opinion/perception & not fact).
but obviously there's no science, logic or backing to my stance there rather
than gut feelings and perception.
That aside, I know if any of my friends or family were accused of something,
I'd demand an insane degree of proof to override my doubts and self
awareness of that person built over time.
But I'm aware of the reasons cases like this on sexual assault don't afford us
that privilege - thus the problematic nature of this case.
I'm hung up on this. I come from a place where innocent until proven guilty
is NOT an afforded right and I know first hand how that can be problematic
Like · Reply · 2y · Edited
4
can accept that. Funny, I had a similar reaction to Ford's
testimony.
Of course this kind of crime is difficult to prove without hard evidence (like
DNA), but there should at least have been people that could verify certain
aspects of the story, like having attended the party in the first place.
Instead, the 2 non-perpetrators that could have, gave statements they have
no idea what she was talking about. Her ex's sworn statement pointing out
holes in her story (essentially, perjury) were also concerning.
I'm not saying I believe 100% Kavanaugh was innocent, and agree that we
can never know what actually happened, but don't think it's fair to assume
guilt based on the above.
I'm curious to hear more about your "hang-up" surrounding "innocent until
proven guilty" because I feel pretty strongly about this principle as a pillar of
free society.
ED FOR CONGRESS
Like Reply 2y
sure! My hang up is that, while I understand and hear all the
reasons evidence is not as afforded in instances of sexual assault, I still
believe strongly in the idea innocence until proven guilty (we agree there for
sure)
It's hard for me to balance belief in those I know stand to have nothing to
gain (let's take this case aside for a moment and think more broadly where
I'm sure there are clear examples) BUT with the need for evidence.
REDA
Chats
