nappenea ana everypoay is trying to justify it in this simple way
clearly not the case.
Like · Reply · 2y. Edited
Well again for me it is just about point of views. We are
facing here something called a dilemma where nobody has the "right
reason", because it doesn't exists. So apart from saying our opinion, the
only thing we need to do is to respect other people points of view.
Let me put you a different analogy of a dilemma where there is no right
choice. Imagine that you are in a boat and there was an accident. People are
drowning and you need to decide between rescue the closest person to
your boat (only 1) or go a little bit further and rescue 5 people that are 50
meters from where you are. You know that saving both is impossible so you
need to choose something. In this situation, you may think that the logical
answer is to rescue 5 people over the 1 that is closest to you. However,
some people will tell you that they are unable to deny help to someone
asking for it. So some people will just save the closest one - assuming that
other 5 people will die and some people will go to save the 5 person group.
You can reason about one option is better than other but again, there is not
"right answer" because nobody is over any other person principles.
On here, even with the responsibility of Joe as a VP of Global Public Policy
at Facebook, he should not been considered guilty of what he did as he is
not accountable for other people mindset that without asking, assumed that
he was present on the act as a FB employee. A person can't be considered
guilty of the ignorance, lying or fake news on the media if they are wrong. If
people assume things without asking him personally, it is not his fault. It is
people/world fault for assuming a wrong occurrence.
I also don't like that he went to the event and celebrated it at his home with
a party the day after. I can share my point of view with him so he is aware, I
can argue with him and plan for future events, but ultimately, I need to
respect his actions.
Lastly, regarding your comment about Zuckerberg. Ultimately, you are the
person who can make the decision if you want to be representing your
company at all times or only in your business life. Unless it is explicitly said
in the contract that you can't attend X type of events or that you need to
ask for permission before going to public places (I suppose this is illegal or
nobody would sign it hehe). If not, you are the owner of your freedom of
doing whatever you want - as far as it is reasonable/legal/etc.
At least from my point of view, I am not accountable for nothing related with
facebook when I wear a Facebook T-shirt. As any person could have bought
it online for example. So I may go to a vegetarian protest
march/demonstration and FB can't stop me for doing so, or FB would be Chats
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
T.
dosent
