Like · Reply · 2y
I don't see this as tricky. If you find it hard to imagine someone
excommunicating a family member, I envy you. Having to deal with
psychopath relatives is not an experience I'd wish on anyone.
-
Like · Reply · 2y
I think that placing personal loyalty over principle's is how tribalism
became such a divisive factor in American politics, and I find this trend
dangerous, because it is also a major component of the authoritarian
mindset. I'm not saying that everybody who prioritizes personal loyalty
is necessarily authoritarian, just that most people who support and
enable authoritarians use personal loyalty as moral justification
I think treating "support" (or "enabling") as an all-or-nothing endeavor is
another contributor to divisive tribalism, though.
To use a more clear-cut scenario, there are many ways one might "support"
and/or "enable" a friend who's been charged with a crime: lend him money
for bail, donate to his legal defense, be there when he needs someone to
talk to, protest outside the courtroom. If he's acquitted: celebrate with him,
spread the news. If he's convicted: say goodbye, visit him in prison,
celebrate when he gets out, help him find a job and a place to live, vote for
him when he runs for mayor, help him raise money when he runs for
president, edit his Wikipedia page to remove all references to his past, etc.
But not all of those represent the same trade-off of personal loyalty vs.
principles.
Some of them are actually the principled thing to do: everyone deserves
competent legal representation, no matter what they're charged with, so the
verdict will be legitimate. Some are clearly unprincipled and unethical. And
some are emotional gestures that don't signal any endorsement of his
actions: you can feel sad for what your friend is going through while still
recognizing that it's because he screwed up.
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
Like · Reply · 2y Edited
That would be why I was careful to say "support and enable", not just
"support".
It's not even a third time you're misrepresenting my words, Jesse. Your
claim about my position being "all-or-nothing" is wrong, and as strawman
arguments go, not particularly useful: even if it were valid, it has nothing to
do with tribalism.
Chats
