A thought exercise for those who'd rather not discuss social issues of sexual
assault at work, which you're totally entitled to do:
Facebook as a company takes a number of public, declarative stances on social
issues: gender equality, LGBTQ rights, pro-democratic, pro-free speech. Let's say
you disagreed with one or more of those stances-would you just brush it off, or
are you co-signing those positions by working here?
I encourage empathy from the 'just want to work' position, for those who feel
conviction around sexual assault and feel unsafe or under siege.
Like · Reply · 2y · Edited
28
What's not well-understood is that being able to 'just focus on work' is an
incredible luxury for those of certain religious, social, or racial backgrounds.
I'm lucky enough that things aren't bad for me but I'll always fight for those
that have to worry whether their rights will be taken away as they try to
complete a task or submit a diff.
60
Like · Reply 2y. Edited
а
+1
Some feel...that they come to work to focus on their jobs not debate
social issues and they feel increasingly that they are unable to do so.
The statement above to me is counter to our ability to achieve our mission
of bringing the world closer together. We have to build with empathy and
without it, I'm not sure we'll ever achieve our mission. Rather debating social
issues, understand them. Many issues are lived experiences not only of
those external to the company, but for many in our company.
We can't be naive in thinking that social issues don't matter, or play a part in
products we build, or create biases for so many who suffer from a lack of
privilege or allyship because of the said statement above. I really hope we
can come together as a global community and build an inclusive community.
But to do so, we can't downplay important issues like this one amongst so
many others and not empathize / learn from this and course correct.
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
Like Reply 2y
24
yes we are a tech company, but we are more importantly
a social company capable of making unprecedented social impact! Having
these debates about social issues in our case is actually essential to our
bili
