This workplace is magical and it's hard to imagine a workplace like ours which has
so much freedom to express and addresses almost all major personal and
professional challenges with so much thoughtfulness! I hope we all can learn from
these instances and continue to contribute and grow our community.
21
Like · Reply · 2y
Where is Joel's post to Employee FYI? Shouldn't he personally be addressing
this? I saw he responded within a thread somewhere, but I haven't seen anything
originating from him. Did I miss something?
27
Like · Reply · 2y
.
a
As someone who both comes from a background in which personal loyalty is
highly valued and is deeply suspicious of the power that corporations have over
their employees, I'm happy to see that we're not taking an official stance on the
people with whom our employees can interact.
I think that Brett Kavanaugh is a terrible choice for the Supreme Court for a
number of reasons, not least of which is his apparent propensity for sexual
assault, but I in no way think that Facebook should be deciding which people its
employees, regardless of level and position, are able to maintain social
relationships with.
96
Like · Reply · 2y · Edited
I have been thinking lately about how much of a factor this moral principle of
placing personal loyalty above all else has been in American politics,
particularly in the recent rise of tribalism. Does this correctly describe how
you feel about this?
2
Like Reply 2y
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
To be clear, I don't think personal loyalty should be valued above all else
(there have to be lines), but I also have a really hard time with the idea that
you should abandon a long-time friend even if that friend is credibly
accused of horrible things. You might not like that your friend did it, or
support the behavior (obviously), and you may well support your friend
being punished for those acts, but they're still your friend, and you stand by
your friends. To mis-quote Trainspotting, "[Kavanaugh) is fucking psycho,
but he's a mate, you know, so what can you do?"
I much more strongly feel that your employer should have absolutely no say
in who you interact with socially, or who receives the benefits of your
noliticalactivities
Cha
