And I appreciate you acknowledging racism and gender
discrimination exist, but you are missing the point because the women
posting weren't judging your own desire to focus on work, but expressing
their inherent inability to because the issues you acknowledge are issues
they actually live with every day.
3
Like · Reply 2y
neither, I'm a "yes" to those two points you mentioned, in
isolation. I'm saying "sorry, no" to the very first, key sentence in the original
post about equating being focused at work to, in her words, "exercising
extreme privilege".
1
Like Reply 2y Edited
unfortunately your reaction affirms my point, though you
sought to negate it. I'm wondering when pointing out that someone has
privilege and is exercising it became an "insult on a person's character". You
took a post that was about my lived experience and made it about you.
Calling out privilege is not name-calling, it is not belittling it shouldn't even
be offensive. Yet somehow in our social context acknowledging that
systemic bias exists and that some people are impacted and some are not is
somehow "fighting words". I would urge you to investigate what you're
bringing to this discussion and whether this is the most constructive thing
you could be doing right now to build the company you want to work in and
the world you want to live in. Pointing out privilege is not an attack- it is a
teaching moment. It is often the case that we cannot see our own privilege
so when someone points it out, use it as a moment to reflect on what you
can learn from that vs. getting defensive.
5
Like Reply2y
5
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
you are free to think whatever you want about what
I am affirming or not affirming. Fact is more and more people are sharing the
viewpoint I hold, and they are afraid of saying it publicly, and are messaging
management privately taking it to Blind, because they know they are going
to be accused of exercising their privilege just for holding this view, just like
the way you did.
> Some feel - and I have been surprised by the number of people who are
telling me this privately - that they come to work to focus on their jobs not
debate social issues and they feel increasingly that they are unable to do so.
1
Like
Reply 2 Edited
