Do better. Try listening. Or making an even basic attempt to
show respect for others by actually reading and engaging with their
experiences instead of making their experiences about you. It's not about
you, period.
1
Like · Reply · 2y Edited
hear you, and here's my attempt. Perhaps you think I'm not
listening because I failed to acknowledge the real hurt experienced by folks
as brought up in the original comment, in my first response. For that I
apologize.
this apology is for you too. I agree,
empathize with, and affirm everything said after
first sentence.
These are real people in the receiving end of systemic and institutionalized
discrimination, and part of our mission in connecting the world should be to
enable them to lobby/fight for justice through our forums. And that's how I
see the connection between my work as an engineer and social issues. In
that sense, there isn't separation between work and social issues, our work
should hopefully continue to address and solve some of these issues.
In light of this, please also listen to the problems being brought up by your
teammates, who are fighting hard for the same exact mission you are
lobbying for. This was what motivated my first response.
There is a growing sentiment that political debates, accusations, calling out
VPs in town halls for their personal actions, are distracting us from putting
our best effort towards this mission. *I know you disagree to this. But i ask
that you at least acknowledge that it is a growing sentiment.* And people
who hold this view, will really appreciate being able to do so without being
accused of exercising extreme privilege when we do so. We wouldn't have
brought it up if we didn't care deeply about the same work and mission you
care about. Yes, we are not able to fully empathize because we are not in
the receiving end of said hurt. But while at Facebook we should expect work
and social issues to heavily overlap, there is a need to recognize that
political issues are polarizing and divisive. There's unfortunately not a clear
separation between social justice and politics, making it such a hard topic to
navigate, with politics being thrown in the mix. Also, we also know that there
is basically a 50-50 split in ideologies in this country we are based in, and
most people you ask will agree that the ratio is more skewed to the left in
our employee demographics, so our demographic is already not so
representative of the general population. Which is why it is important that if
we want to "start with ourselves" in building an all inclusive community, it is
of my opinion that we need to less carelessly play the privilege card, using it
to silence contrasting opinions.
I know we are going to continue to disagree. But hope there is at least a
Chats
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
