"A very practical definition of power is the ability to drive
real impact and that largely stems from political, economic, and legal
institutions."
Power is situational and contextual. His definition of power is perfectly
reasonable. There is a vocal contingent of people at the company using
their position to silence others. That doesn't seem controversial to me. If
you try to change definitions to support your right to silence others, you
probably won't be surprised when people aren't okay with that.
3
Like · Reply · 2y
As I state above, this isn't about silencing others. You are welcome to
continue to tell yourself that if it makes you feel better. Put please be careful
before you present a strawman before me.
2
Like Reply 2y · Edited
The Coo's post you are commenting on says otherwise.
The reports from a sizable number of employees says otherwise. I don't say
it to make myself feel better. I think it's pretty clear that whatever effort
there is to silence people is obviously not working on me.
2.
Like Reply 2y
*
Literally from a few comments above, my friend:
"I'm also a social conservative personally (though i vote differently) and I
don't get the sentiment here. Is it really so hard to respectfully voice a
dissenting opinion? Or is it because it's not so much a dissenting opinion,
but rather an opinion voiced aggressively or an opnion that seeks to take
others liberty." *And then subsequently voiced a conservative opinion.
From my post above, I ask 1) why they didn't provide advance notice 2) why
they are not clearly identifying clear actions to take and 3) why they are
framing this as 'he has the right to privately support his friend when he
invited the criticism into his private life by making it public in the first place.
I'd love your thoughts on where I've said that 'we need to silence
conservative opinions'. Because I'm just not seeing it.
Like · Reply · 2y · Edited
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
I do think we are talking past each other. Apologies, didn't
mean to strawman you.
Like · Reply · 2y
