I hope the management realizes the slippery slope they are on now. From now on,
anyone can be involved in a photo op at any public event supporting a person
accused of doing anything and use this example to get away with it. I won't give
any horrific examples as those are obvious.
10
Like Reply 2y Edited
If you were accused of a heinous crime, would it be right for your family and
friends to abandon you? If these accusations were leveled against my best
friend, or my husband, I would stand by them until they were proven guilty.
Then I would kick their ass with everyone else
It might be "a slippery slope" to establish a precedent that people can go to
these events on their personal time (as long as they don't literally get up
and speak, which I agree is problematic). I think it's dangerous to invite
company scrutiny into our personal lives, or to throw out the rule of law
requiring the accused to be presumed innocent until proven guilty.
I know our visceral response to heinous crimes and natural empathy for
victims makes it difficult to presume innocence, but we need to understand
that throwing that out gives government free license to oppress and silence
any dissident (in other words, this could easily be turned around on you),
which would lead to the breakdown of a free society.
36
Like Reply 2y Edited
the point is well taken, however, I am merely pointing out
the precedent that has been established.
I think taking a post such as VP of Public Policy means that all your public
appearances now reflect on the company and not just you. Doesn't look my
point is going to come across without an example:
If I am the VP of public policy and need to make such an appearance for,
let's say an accused mass murderer, I would first resign from my post before
I attend it. Or at least take a public leave of absence or in some way publicly
disassociate my company, as remember, I would be the "public policy face".
Like · Reply 2y Edited
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
jumping into this conversation to share my view. I believe that
your work is different that your personal life. You need to respect that Joe
decided to go within his personal life, as work can't constrain his freedom of
going on there.
Yo... See More
Chats
