Like Reply · 2y
Separating your "personal life" from politics and attending to your work without
having to consider or debate "social justice issues" is in itself an exercise of
extreme privilege. It is very easy to do when your identify is not being legislated
and policed on a national scale. You are free to be an individual unencumbered by
"social justice issues" when the politics of the day largely leave you be. The
political is very personal when politics is the reason you might be separated from
your children at the border. It is very personal when it means your unarmed Black
child or partner can be killed by police with little fear of consequences. It is
deeply personal when we live in a society engineered to not believe women in
these claims, that makes it hard for women to speak up at all, and when they do,
it still ends with judge accused of sexual assault sworn into the highest court, the
place where you yourself might need to appear to find justice. When you are part
of an underrepresented minority, leaving "social justice issues" at home is not
always a viable option- they follow you wherever you go.
127
Like Reply 2y Edited
Hide 21 Replies
(eCrime)
THIS!!
10
Like Reply 24
I wish there was a way to upvote comments here,
because this is incredibly important.
de 10
Like Reply 2y
Yes. This. So much.
Like Reply 2y
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
Yup. As a Black woman, I've basically ruled out the possibility of extremely
visible leadership positions at major companies, and I can't tell how much of
that is pure lack of desire and how much is awareness that I will not ever
pretend to be neutral on things like Black Lives Matter or Black women's
unequal medical treatment. Plenty of us are prepared to preemptively make
sacrifices because if our identities are made political, we cannot and will not
leave them at the door.
12
Like Reply 2y
This. Sheryl reflected in the town hall on how her identity as a
mother-importantly, an identity she had the option to conceal and did-
Chan
