#thanks Sheryl Sandberg for trying to make this a safe space for everyone to
work. Management is doing something brave and risky by encouraging everyone
to be their authentic selves at work. With that freedom comes responsibility to
respect others being their authentic selves as well, even if we disagree with them.
I'm as liberal as they come, but I am concerned that Facebook could be viewed as
a company with systemic anti-conservative bias. I don't claim to know where the
line should be drawn, but I know that if we're perceived as biased, we're likely to
invite unwanted regulation, and more importantly, increase the divisions we're
struggling with as a country.
If liberals see ourselves as empathetic, we can help reduce division in the world
by trying to be empathetic to conservatives as well. This is something I try to
work on every day. Asking sincerely "Why would someone think that way?" and
trying to find an answer that assumes positive intent.
23
Like 路 Reply 路 2y Edited
Thanks Bot
Woohoo, your thanks has been received! Keep on thanking! Here are the
newly updated stats:
Nice,
it's your first ThanksBot send of the last 30 days.
Welcome back and keep it up.
Sheryl Sandberg has received 7 thanks in the last 30 days, yay!
Visit https://fburl.com/thanksbot to see this visualized.
Like
Reply 2y
I want to respond to: "I am concerned that Facebook could be viewed as a
company with systemic anti-conservative bias"
An organization must never make a goal of not being accused of bias. The
motivated parties will always, in the face of any action, make accusations of
bias. All Facebook should do is provide evidence about bias, and ignore the
accusations. For a case study in failing at this, look at most any news
output.
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
2.
Like Reply 路 2y Edited
I agree. I don't think not being accused of bias is a realistic goal. However,
do think that developing policies and practices of trying to identify and
prevent actual bias is a good goal. I think Sheryl is doing a good job of that
here.
Like Reply 路 2y
