This means now I can participate in any public speaking engagement being
identified as a Facebook employee without any sign off or looking at company
interests - as long as it's for a very good friend?
63
Like Reply - 2y · Edited
I completely hear your point and also strongly admonish Joel for attending
the Kavanaugh hearing. To be fair, he didn't utter a word. So, we're allowed
to sit "in attendance" at any public gathering, as a Facebook employee,
without fear of retribution. Make sure you wear a t-shirt that speaks
volumes.
Like Reply · 2y
"Speaking is relative" ... public injection into a conversation.
There is also a difference between "attending" something as a spectator or
being "on the stage".
Like Reply · 2y Edited
Some feel - and I have been surprised by the number of people who are
telling me this privately - that they come to work to focus on their jobs not
debate social issues and they feel increasingly that they are unable to do so.
I'd also like to highlight that many of us care deeply about these issues, but find it
either frustrating, exhausting, and/or unproductive to participate in these
discussions in this semi-public forum, or in the workplace in general.
49
Like Reply 2y
Yes. You beat me to it. I am shamed to say I sometimes fall in this bucket.
Not because of lack of caring -- but I'm tired. Talking about social injustice in
its various forms makes me angry. And by the end of the day it's just that--
yet another little whiner, another name on the internet, shouting to the
internet. Or maybe I've grown to dislike conflicts because dealing with them
in a productive way is so time consuming.
Social issues are by nature very complex. Or perhaps a workplace, so
diverse in many aspects, is just not the right place to discuss with the
thoughtfulness and mental capacity these things deserve. So perhaps it's
just more productive to focus on impact, and be good to the people I have
Influence over. Sad to say, this whole thing makes this feeling even more
prominent.
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
