If we're required to state conflict of interests and activities with people and
events that could possible become news worthy, we'd end up paralyzed.
#faceworldproblems
1
Like · Reply · 2y · Edited
...celebrities?
Like · Reply · 2y
Not sure what you're asking. Several niche celebrities work for or have
worked for Facebook, or are close relatives of a mainstream celebrity.
1
Like · Reply · 2y
I just finished the training too, and I didn't get the impression
that sitting in the audience at a hearing would count as a violation. (Of
course, the advice it gives is to ask the Conflicts Committee first.)
In part, that's because the quoted passage doesn't mean everything that
falls into those categories is prohibited. It mentions a gray area, and the
following paragraph gives some examples of things that aren't included.
Overall, "conflict of interest" appears to be defined more narrowly than it
might seem from the general statements at the beginning.
For example, having a personal relationship with someone who works for a
competitor might be seen as a conflict of interest. But there are people here
whose partners or spouses work at Google.
Even the use of our own products could be seen as a conflict of interest. If
chat with my friends on Hangouts instead of pushing them to use
Messenger, one might argue that I'm putting my interest in not alienating my
friends ahead of Facebook's interest in growing Messenger -- but if that
qualifies, well, we're going to have a lot more empty parking spaces.
The standard for California employers is that employees have the right to
engage in personal activity while not at work by default. They can give it up
in a conflict-of-interest agreement, but only if it's "conduct that is actually
in direct conflict with the essential enterprise-related interests of the
employer and where breach of that contract would actually constitute a
material and substantial disruption of the employer's operation". I wouldn't
be so sure that this counts.
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
2
Like Reply 2y
If this person was any other employee he/she would have been fired
nur yn of nolicy has some "meaningful nolitical
