But with all these being said, you also have the prerogative to scroll past the
posts and continue working? This comes off to me as an attempt to prevent
people from voicing their concerns.
26
Like Reply · 2y. Edited
Were I to guess, it would be the uptick in notifications in this and other
groups on the topic, and in invitations to all hands/town halls also on the
topic.
Like Reply 2y
I'll bite. I won't repeat my comment above so feel free to scroll up and read
it. I 100% acknowledge that this sentiment assumes some level of privilege,
because of course as you said not everyone can just block it out and focus
on work. (Also blocking it out and focusing on work are not mutually
exclusive, nor is choosing not to participate in these workplace discussions
the same as blocking it out).
I do not exactly share Boz's sentiment - I particularly disagree with his
distinction between bringing one's authentic self with one's full self. I don't
believe this is possible for some people, especially minorities.
What I will say is this. These are multifaceted issues that are not 100% black
and white, do not personally feel that this forum is a safe space to discuss,
yet sometimes it feels almost obligatory because oftentimes lack of
participation is equated with apathy. I also think your sentiment of "oh you
can just scroll through" is a little bit insulting - once you see it you can't just
discard whatever seeing it makes you feel at that time and simply continue
working
a
I also think we should definitely be having these discussions, but that we
need to find some way to localize it and make it more productive.
19
Like Reply 2y
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
Also I really appreciate the open-minded nature of this comment and
genuine willingness to understand
1 12
Like Reply 2y
a motto you can hear quite often (a few times in the comments to
this pose) is that "not taking sides is not an option." Either one publicly
supports one side, or by default, they are accused of supporting another
side, representing all the horrible in the eyes of accuser) things in the
world.
Chal
