all people are paradoxical in some ways, and it's both credible and
acceptable to privately hold opposing views to some or all our company's
stated positions. I'm not suggesting a specific outcome of your reflection or
your privately-held views to change-a thought exercise isn't a bludgeon
but a way to inhabit how others feel.
7
Like Reply 路 2y Edited
While it certainly is a luxury to "just focus on work", for some, this is a job
earned thru a lot of hard work - and they don't have the luxury of being a
very 'in-demand' engineer or sales person, who can afford to spend time at
work championing social issues. There is always a cost - and the cost of
spending hours on workplace debating social issues or attending town halls
is working by hours at night ... landing diffs, taking away those hours from
one's children or spouse... or the actual social communities we all belong to.
So in a way, debating social issues at workplace itself is a luxury just as
much as not doing so is.
It is also surprising to me how quickly we jump to conclude 'oh, you don't
know how that feels.. you're one of those privileged kinds right? go enjoy
your luxury of i-dont-care' or 'if you are not raising your voice, you are
supporting it'. That mentality championed by the twitter and reddit
community is why I, for one, don't frequent those communities until it's
fixed. That is a horrible and unsafe situation. I'm fine with working at a
leftist/liberal organization which doesn't necessarily reflect my opinion, but I
sure as hell won't want to work in a militant-leftist-liberal organization where
I will be judged for wanting to 'just work' or 'if you are not with us, you are
against us' mentality,
Yes, I do just want to focus on work. And also the stock price.
a
D FOR CONGRESS
Like Reply 2y
BOT </>
Write a reply...
Cha
Lek
This means now I can participate in any public speaking engagement being
identified as a Facebook employee without any sign off or looking at company
interests - as long as it's for a very good friend?
Like 路 Reply 路 2y 路 Edited
Enter
SS
I completely hear your point and also strongly admonish Joel for attending
the Kavanaugh hearing. To be fair, he didn't utter a word. So, we're allowed
to sit "in attendance" at any public gathering, as a Facebook employee,
without fear of retribution. Make sure you wear a t-shirt that speaks
RED
Chats
