Understand that my appeal changed nothing about rating received. This
was a "Meets All" review which remained a "Meets All" review. There was
paragraph on what I needed to improve, however, which I completely
disagreed with. This was several years ago so it's hard to remember the
exact text and there's no formal record because of my appeal.
The effect of the paragraph was, "Dean needs to not take risks in doing his
work." This wasn't specific to any failure of mine, in fact, in that half i
pushed Oculus forward substantially. Instead, it was clear from the wording
this was a cultural difference I had with management at the time. My work
was experimental and bold, and as such was disruptive but ultimately
necessary.
There was no support--for me the feedback was bad and inconsistent with
the company's value around being bold.
Like Reply 2y 路 Edited
Thanks for sharing more info about your experience. It does seem that the
appeal option is discretionary. Would love to understand more from the
leaders.
2
Like Reply 路 2y
BOT
</>
Write a reply...
+1 to focussing on work Sheryl Sandberg!
10
Like 路 Reply 路 2y
While I like to take part in these discussions and believe they are important to
have, I totally get people who prefer not to.
I read this thread and am trying to understand how did we manage to villainize
people who want to come to work to focus on their job? Now they are apparently
labeled as "privileged"?
The privilege here is to work at a company that enables these discussion, that
allows and encourage people to spend their time in the office debating and
discussing social and political issues.
99.99% of the working people in the world go to work for.... well - work. They do
not get free food or top class health care, they don't get perks or time off, they
don't get to work on things they love or feel passionate about and for sure they
don't get to spend their time at work debating social issues.
We are all extremely lucky (the rest of the world will say privileged) in that sense.
eps_=SERP_TOP_TAB othing special or privileged about wanting to focus on your job when
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
Chats
TAB&
