just wenty yuu- super focuseu On WUIN WIIIII Seems tv ve sonumiy
anyone could do if they really wanted to- vs. what I am saying which is that
maybe it is worth considering that it is actually structurally easier for you to
fully focus on work than it is for me because in my case, structural inequities
that surround identities like mine are actually very distracting and deeply
personal.
Talking about privilege- who has more, who has less, we all have some,
what are we doing with it is a tough process but it is a worthwhile one if we
are to make progress. It certainly does not have to be here in public but I
would encourage you to find space to reflect on this and how having
privilege pointed out can evolve into an a-ha moment and not only an "ouch,
that hurts" one. This is why I posted my comment in the first place. For
Sheryl and others who are asking her to voice this can reflect on what they
are really asking of their colleagues here by grieving the loss of a workspace
where social issues don't encroach on work. To me, that is not an
empathetic ask to make. We are really all just trying to survive in a
increasingly toxic and polarized space.
1
Like · Reply · 2y
The key point you missed in my response: it is not a
privileged ask to not wish go too deep into debating politics in the
workplace, because it polarizes, divides, and distracts from the real mission
that both you and I care actually about - social justice. I hope you will read
my earlier comment more carefully, because i unpacked why it is so.
Like · Reply · 2y - Edited
(BOT) </>
Write a reply...
I have found it impossible to separate my personal life from my work life as a
woman. It sounds really freaking nice to be able to just say "well that's annoying"
and not participate. Women have to participate every day. If you don't know what
I mean, look at all of the FB memes about how women protect themselves fror
sexual assualt vs men. It's pervasive for us. We live and breathe politics because
we have to in order to protect ourselves.
26
Like · Reply · 2y
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
My work is at least half of my personal life. I spend more than half of my
waking hours either at work or thinking about work or learning the skills
need for work. Vast majority of my friends are people I either work with now
or worked with at my previous jobs. I refuse to diminish my personal life to
the few and rare interactions with people outside of my professional social
Chats
