our employee demographics, so our demographic is already not so
representative of the general population. Which is why it is important that if
we want to "start with ourselves" in building an all inclusive community, it is
of my opinion that we need to less carelessly play the privilege card, using it
to silence contrasting opinions.
I know we are going to continue to disagree. But hope there is at least a
bridge built between us.
1
Like Reply 2y Edited
Hi
thank you for writing this response. I would like to build a
bridge and that must start with understanding. It seems you have mostly
understood my point- I cannot leave politics at home because politics will
not leave me alone. I cannot turn off the sides of my identity that make me a
target for systemic oppression. Whether I am at work or at home, when a
story breaks about another unarmed Black person shot and killed by police,
I immediately think of my own son and yes, it fully distracts me from work. I
cannot focus on work well in that moment. This is what I am referring to.
This is my lived experience.
I would now like to understand, and invite you to think through, what it is
that upsets you so much about being said to be exercising privilege in being
able to fully focus on work at work and not think about social issues most of
the time (until those of us who cannot do so interrupt that flow as is
happening now). Because you have used words like "accused" and
"character attack" to describe how it feels to have privilege pointed out, I
would like to understand what is behind this?
Is it because you did not mean to or realize you were exercising privilege?
That is often the way privilege works and it is not about intent. Is it because
you didn't ask for the privilege to do so and feel called out to be made to
account for something you can't control? That is also how privilege works-it
is unearned, often invisible advantages that when pointed out feel very
uncomfortable as they force us to rethink whether everything we have is
really ours and fairly earned. I get this is a painful realization. Is it because it
feels unfair to be said to be exercising privilege when you thought you were
just being you- super focused on work which seems to be something
anyone could do if they really wanted to- vs. what I am saying which is that
maybe it is worth considering that it is actually structurally easier for you to
fully focus on work than it is for me because in my case, structural inequities
that surround identities like mine are actually very distracting and deeply
personal
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
a
we
Talking about privilege- who has more, who has less, we all have some,
what are we doing with it is a tough process but it is a worthwhile one
are to make progress. It certainly does not have to be here in public but I
would encourage you to find space to reflect on this and how having
Chats
