give this important issue more space, while recognizing that one meeting can't fully address
something so serious.
a
This weekend, Joel and his wife hosted the Kavanaughs and some friends at their home. Later
today, Joel will attend the public swearing-in ceremony along with all of the Supreme Court
Justices and many members of the US Senate. While Joel did not talk to me or Mark about
attending the hearing, he told us about both of these subsequent events and we support his
decision to participate. For the company, we see a distinction between attending a
controversial public hearing about sexual assault on the one hand which we agree was a
mistake, and on the other hosting a gathering at your home and attending a swearing-in
ceremony for a confirmed Justice and close personal friend. Our decision to support Joel's
participation in the latter two activities reflects this distinction.
The reactions at Facebook to the events of the past two weeks mirror what is happening in
society at large. For people who see Justice Kavanaugh as a symbol of society's acceptance of
sexual assault and refusal to believe women, supporting Joel in attending events even after the
Town Hall is highly upsetting. For others, including many who have asked me to say this as
they feel they can't, Justice Kavanaugh is a jurist who was confirmed by the U.S. Senate to be
a Supreme Court Justice and they support him and Joel's decision to attend.
This moment is hard for many employees and leaders at our company. As I said in the
beginning of this post, we have a lot to do to work through conflicting points of view and
create an inclusive community within Facebook where we come together to advance our
missioni
3K
577 Comments 28 Shares
0 Like
Comment
Share
View previous comments
I will admit that after reading this post on a break and then going back to my
mandatory legal training, I came across this concise passage, which said, quite
ironically:
"While working for Facebook, you're expected to use your best judgment and
avoid... See More
2 84
Like · Reply 2y - Edited
4 View 1 more reply
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
I would guess, given Facebook's reputation at this point, that a minority
percentage of the company is a celebrity, is friends with a celebrity, or is in a
circle with someone who is or will be a public figure very soon.
Chats
