> Why do you draw a false dichotomy between a crushing symbolic moment
and supporting a friend?
Respectfully, I think you are drawing an even bigger false dichotomy here,
as well as misrepresenting what a large number of people in the company
are saying. Supporting his friend is not crushing a sexual assault movement
precisely because Brett Kavanaugh could possibly be innocent. If we knew
he was guilty with anything approaching certainty, it would have been
inappropriate for anyone to support him. If he could be innocent, showing
support for him in no way diminishes the broader condemnation of sexual
assault. They are not opposed.
26
Like · Reply · 2y
(BOT </>
Write a reply...
Thank you for addressing this. And thank you, Mark and Sheryl, for engaging
actively at the town hall and continuing the conversation.
Respectfully, while I definitely agree that Facebook should not mandate who
anyone can and can't be friends with or host in their home, personally would
have rather Joel Kaplan not spoken at the town hall and delivered something
adjacent to an apology at all. If he's not sorry (as attending the swearing in
suggests) that's none of my business, but it feels like speaking there was a waste
of time for both the attendees and for Joel himself. If your apology is 1%
complete, the recipient is under no obligation to accept it. I'm also unsure why
you'd bother delivering it.
62
Like Reply 2y
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
THIS. if you're gonna be you, then just own up to it.
10
Like Reply · 2y
I feel frustrated and disappointed by this post. You've acknowledged that there
are some issues that are outright wrong (sexual assault), but go on to say this
needs to be a workplace where we accommodate diverse perspectives. I interpret
this as accommodate diverse perspectives *within reason*, b/c we've just said
sexual assault is unacceptable, and Facebook stands against it. I get that
leadership has to make a judgement about what is/isn't *within reason, and I
can't help but wonder if that judgement would look different if the people making
