For the company, we see a distinction between attending a controversial
public hearing about sexual assault on the one hand which we agree was a
mistake, and on the other hosting a gathering at your home and attending a
swearing-in ceremony for a confirmed Justice and close personal friend.
I see a meaningful distinction between the home gathering & the others (private
vs. public), but the hearing and swearing-in seem like comparable events.
It seems like whatever principles made appearing at the hearing a mistake (e.g.
optics for FB of a VP publicly taking a side in a politically contentious event)
would also apply to the swearing in.
61
Like 路 Reply2y
a
I think this post is a reduction of the scope of what Sheryl believes to have
been a mistake from going to the hearing at all down to not informing her in
advance.
Like 路 Reply 2y
Some feel - and I have been surprised by the number of people who are telling
me this privately - that they come to work to focus on their jobs not debate social
issues and they feel increasingly that they are unable to do so.
27
Like 路 Reply 路 2y
This is worth noting, and I empathize with people who feel isolated or
alienated by the intense all-encompassing politicization of all topics, but at
the same time a different perspective might make the cost seem
worthwhile.
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
Here's an example: if an employee of a large company during the civil rights
movement were to complain that they weren't able to focus on their work
due to the constant debate on social issues, I think most people nowadays
would consider that to have been a necessary cost paid to achieve better
rights for all Americans.
From my understanding, the present crisis is viewed this way: powerful
people (mostly older men) have different rules applied to them than the rest
of us (but particularly women). The perception is that if a woman were
accused of crimes similar to what Kavanaugh was accused of, she would not
have been given the benefit of the doubt that he was: different rules apply.
_TAB&_eps__=SERP_TOP_TAB
similar vein many women have evnerienced sexual assault similar to
Chats
