I feel frustrated and disappointed by this post. You've acknowledged that there
are some issues that are outright wrong (sexual assault), but go on to say this
needs to be a workplace where we accommodate diverse perspectives. I interpret
this as accommodate diverse perspectives *within reason", b/c we've just said
sexual assault is unacceptable, and Facebook stands against it. I get that
leadership has to make a judgement about what is/isn't *within reason", and I
can't help but wonder if that judgement would look different if the people making
it weren't overwhelmingly white and male and hadn't shown us several times that
they aren't that great at understanding people that are different from themselves.
I want to show up and focus on my job too, but sometimes a lack of response or a
stance feels the same as an endorsement of a status quo that I'm not happy with
(and question how anyone who cares about equality could be happy with).
39
Like · Reply · 2y · Edited
I think one of the things that is also upsettings is the idea that Mark and Sheryl
are less vocal regarding their opinions on this issue because of Joel's personal
relationship with Kavanaugh.
Mark I remember when you were tearful at the Q&A following Trump's election.
Your words acknowledged that we are a diverse company implying rightfully we
employ conservatives and Trump voters) but your tone and emotion showed
solidarity with those deeply hurt by his election. I've seen the same thing from
Sheryl on various issues. The company line may be one thing but you've usually
signaled to us how you really feel on something.
The nuts and bolts of the Kavanaugh situation have not really been discussed but
I think they are relevant, which is that I truly do not understand how anyone
making a good faith assessment of the situation can come to the conclusion that
this is an honest person (happy to link 1000 articles) who we can feel good about
being one of nine people to direct the future of the nation and its citizens. I
understand if you're close friends with someone defaulting to their side. But
taking that side means saying the accuser is a liar. People are hurt because our
leaders are supporting that viewpoint as legitimate "both sides" situation. I wish
we could at least hear from our leaders their personal views as candidly as Joel
has expressed his. I do not believe either of you believe this is as grey as people
are making it out to be, and that's hurtful.
Like Reply 2y
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
54
thank you for vocalizing this!
Like Reply 2y
Some feel - and I have been surprised by the number of people who are
Cha
