I mean, look at all of the FB memes about how women protect themselves from
sexual assualt vs men. It's pervasive for us. We live and breathe politics because
we have to in order to protect ourselves.
26
Like · Reply · 2y
My work is at least half of my personal life. I spend more than half of my
waking hours either at work or thinking about work or learning the skills
need for work. Vast majority of my friends are people I either work with now
or worked with at my previous jobs. I refuse to diminish my personal life to
the few and rare interactions with people outside of my professional social
circle.
1
Like Reply 2y
One week ago, Joel Kaplan, VP of Global Policy, stated to Women@, "I want to
apologize for the fact that my presence at yesterday's hearing caused pain to
many of my colleagues...as a member of Facebook's leadership team and head of
our policy team I should have realized that my presence could be seen as
representing our company - and I am sorry for not getting that."
Today we are told that Joel attended the public swearing-in ceremony for Justice
Kavanaugh, but that we do not have a company position on any of this. We are a
platform and a company for all voices, so we are not taking a position either on
the specific selection of a Justice or on the general credibility of female victims
and their subsequent treatment in society.
Except, following from Joel's apology, we have taken a position. We were there
today, standing with a Justice, uplifting his values, celebrating his career, and
signifying that he is the one to be believed.
I'm unsure when we decided that the social calendar of one individual superseded
the feelings and lived experiences of a whole other swath of the company. What is
the moral philosophy we are trying to uphold here? I used to presume it was a
form of utilitarianism, or bringing about the "greater good for the greatest
number." Individuals are and were willing to make sacrifices, as many have
mentioned this past week, for the greater benefit of the company and it's
narrative. However, recent choices from our Leadership make me think that we
are now leaning towards a very different form of consequentialism, where the
"consequences of one's conduct are the ultimate basis for any judgment about
the rightness or wrongness of that conduct."
Justice Kavanaugh was sworn in. Joel Kaplan continues to do whatever he wants.
The women & allies of Facebook have, and continue to, suffer the consequences.
I urge us to consider alternatives.
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
7
Like Reply · 2y
Chats
