Sheryl Sandberg Employee FYI
October 8, 2018.
...
Hi everyone. I want to address the questions that are being asked about Joel's personal and
professional activities this week.
Before I do that, I want to acknowledge that many people are upset in our company. Some feel
that we have not adequately addressed the pervasiveness of sexual assault in the world and
how position and privilege plays into society's failure to prevent assault and abuse. I am
grateful to those who raised their voices on this, especially those who have shared their
personal experiences. Some feel that leaders are treated differently from other employees at
Facebook. Some feel that they are unable to express their views, especially if they aren't
shared by those who have been most vocal and most passionate in these past weeks. Some
feel - and I have been surprised by the number of people who are telling me this privately -
that they come to work to focus on their jobs not debate social issues and they feel
increasingly that they are unable to do so.
I want to say upfront that we do not have perfect - or even adequate - solutions for all of
these concerns today and many of these issues will be with us for years to come. I want
everyone to know that Mark and I and our other leaders hear these concerns. We are
committed to doing the long-term work to build a culture where we can advance our mission,
better serve people who use our products, and provide a safe and productive work
environment for everyone here. We have a company filled with dedicated, passionate people
who have deep beliefs and that makes us better. We are at a moment where social polarization
in our society is deeply impacting all of us and our workplace. We have work to do and ways
we need to change. But we can be a workplace where everyone - survivors, people with
conservative and liberal political views, and people who don't want to discuss social issues -
feel safe and empowered to do their work. We can be a workplace that continues to support
people with diverse points of view. We are committed to finding a way to get there.
Mark and I have both said that Joel's attendance at the Kavanaugh hearing on sexual assault
was a mistake because it unnecessarily injected Facebook into a contentious national debate.
All of us at Facebook stand firmly opposed to sexual assault, a position that as someone said
at the Town Hall is so basic and obvious it should go without saying. We believe that. We have
also said that we made mistakes in not acknowledging the issue of sexual assault raised by
this hearing and the effect of this debate on many employees. We held Friday's Town Hall to
give this important issue more space, while recognizing that one meeting can't fully address
something so serious.
This weekend, Joel and his wife hosted the Kavanaughs and some friends at their home. Later
today, Joel will attend the public swearing-in ceremony along with all of the Supreme Court
Justices and many members of the US Senate. While Joel did not talk to me or Mark abou
attending the hearing, he told us about both of these subsequent events and we support
Chats
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
