Like · Reply · 2y
Hi!, I think this is just a matter of which are your starting point. Not everyone has
the same and we need to respect that.
If a person has a split between personal and professional life. We need to respect
it. I believe no one owe anything to a company as working for someone should not
constrain your freedom of opinion/going to an event/celebrate, in your personal
life - as long as it is not illegal.
People cannot like it but you need to respect it. If not, you are basically forcing
someone to behave in a way he is not being himself.
21
Like Reply · 2y
Thanks. That is something to consider as well.
1
Like Reply 2y
Nope. If you are the VP of Global Public Policy, you (1) talk to leadership in
advance (2) either resign first or very clearly separate yourself from the
company by issuing a public statement (3) if you don't do the above and
there's a huge uproar at the company that ends in a town hall where you
insincerely try to apologize and where many co-worker victims share their
painful stories, the least thing you do the day after that town hall is throw a
party to carry on doing what you've been told is bad for the company and
for many of your coworkers.
It's not about private VS public life. Also, Zuckerberg himself has said before
that people like him at Facebook are also accountable in their private life.
Heck, any of us is 100% accountable while wearing company swag and/or
clearly identifying ourselves as employees. That's taught in the bootcamp
training on day one.
VPs are not "just employees", so I highly disagree on that false dichotomy
and encourage you to reconsider your point of view. I agree with it for other
circumstances but in this case, it's very very clear that this is not what has
happened and everybody is trying to justify it in this simple way when it's
clearly not the case.
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
Like Reply 2y Edited
Well again for me it is just about point of views. We are
facing here something called a dilemma where nobody has the "right
reason", because it doesn't exists. So apart from saying our opinion, the
only thing we need to do is to respect... See More
Chat
Like Reply 2y
