I'll leave this incredible post here:
https://fb.facebook.com/.../permalink/2021821187881430/
43
Like 路 Reply 路 2y
Sheryl, I really respect you and what you stand for. I was touched by your
vulnerability at Pride Leadership Day earlier this year; I'm relatively new around
here and with all of the storms we've faced as a company, your leadership has
been something for me to look for to make sure we were going to be okay.
That being said, I find this all very disappointing. As a proud people manager,
hold myself to really high standards, including how I conduct myself in public and
what I post on my personal social media. Why? Because my grandfather has
always taught me to "remember who you are and what you represent" at all times.
I find it disappointing that the standards that all people managers here are held to
at FB aren't applied in this case. After Joel listened to all of the concerns at the
town hall last week, he still deemed it appropriate to celebrate all of this, with
disregard for the thousands of people at FB questioning his integrity as a leader in
a very important part of our business. I support his ability to have a personal life,
but I feel that comes with a price the higher up you get. It very much so feels like
Friday was theatre for him and he didn't listen to the frustrated voices that had a
moment to air their grievances. And that, to me, isn't authentic. I question his
ethics and his ability to lead this part of the business apolitically.
Thank you for creating a culture where we're able to be this open and
transparent. I hope we're all able to reason with each other in the future and learn
from this experience.
Like 路 Reply 路 2y
89
Separating your personal life" from politics and attending to your work without
having to consider or debate "social justice issues" is in itself an exercise of
extreme privilege. It is very easy to do when your identify is not being legislated
and policed on a national scale. You are free to be an individual unencumbered by
"social justice issues" when the politics of the day largely leave you be. The
political is very personal when politics is the reason you might be separated from
your children at the border. It is very personal when it means your unarmed Black
child or partner can be killed by police with little fear of consequences. It is
deeply personal when we live in a society engineered to not believe women in
these claims, that makes it hard for women to speak up at all, and when they do,
it still ends with judge accused of sexual assault sworn into the highest court, the
place where you yourself might need to appear to find justice. When you are part
of an underrepresented minority, leaving "social justice issues" at home is not
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
