сру
Ly
LULU
I think people are assuming a little bit of bad intent on this one.
Sheryl says in the post that some people want to come to work to focus on
their job and they are increasingly feeling that they are unable to. This isn't
about only focusing on work, it's about having the ability to focus on work.
By all standards last week was extreme, probably for most of us. It's OK for
some people to express that and say they want less social and political
discussion at work. It doesn't make them privileged in my opinion.
At the same time it's totally OK for people who want to engage heavily and
open up to do so.
From everything in Sheryl's post I thought this is the least controversial
point and I was somewhat amazed it became a reason to criticize a big part
of the employees...
Like Reply 24
I agree with every word in your comment and hope you can find the
right balance for yourself as well. I know how emotionally draining these
discussions can be.
Like Reply 2y
It seems like we agree that these discussions need to be had . I think the
confusion to me came from tying focusing on work with debating social
issues. These are not mutually exclusive. And I definitely think its privileged
that one asks for the latter be stopped just so they can do the former when
others don't have the luxury to do this.
Like Reply 2y
well, I don't think that people are necessarily asking for it to be
stopped rather than maybe being able to stay out of it.
It was literally impossible last week to focus on work and some people
would like to do so more than what was possible.
Yes, these discussion should have a place. Also people should be able to
come to work and work.
Asking for that doesn't make them privileged in anyway in my opinion.
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
Like · Reply 2y
Well I don't think we are going to come to agreement on the
privilege aspect of this. In order to make this discussion more constructive,
can you suggest the motive behind directly contacting Sheryl and how else
it will be possible for them to stay out of it without stopping the
conversation? I would have thought one can stay out of it by not
Chats
