I'm sorry but I really don't understand the framing around this as a being
"personal"...Isn't Joel our head government person? How is fb's top government
person shown up at a government hearing or confirmation a "personal" thing?
We're all asked to "focus on impact" and to measure, so what is wrong about the
company asking what the impact of these actions are? If a fb engineer wrote code
for a friends business that had a negative impact on Facebook that engineer
would (and should) be held accountable by Facebook.
19
Like Reply 2y
I disagree. Even though the outrage internally at fb has harmed our
relationship with the US government, I do not believe disciplinary action
against those who criticized Joel is warranted.
We should bring our authentic selves to work. Even in cases where
comments (like those against Justice Kavanaugh and Joel) made on
Workplace leak and embarrass the company.
Like Reply 2y
we can probably measure the loss of productivity within the
company the last couple of days, and we can measure external impact
around it as well. Why aren't we doing this? Joel's job is to interact with
government to allow our work to have the most impact. Joel has been
interactive with the USA government these last couple of days, why are we
ok with allowing this to be framed as personal and not something that the
impact should be measured on.
In January if we have another sub 1.0 company multipler the whole company
is going to be held accountable for losing users trust. This is an event that
could lose user trust, why shouldn't we want to know the impact of it?
5
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
Like Reply 2y
Take politics out of it and consider the following thought experiment...
Many of us have really good friends working in the tech industry. There are
times when these friends are struggling in their jobs, to the point where
their career and family is hurting. Now you have skills that can help them.
What would be ok help vs not ok help? We could agree that meeting the
friend for coffee to talk would probably be fine, but writing code for them
would cross a line (or writing a legal brief, or pr script, etc). There are lines
where helping the friend actually becomes a conflict of interest and hurts
fh
