Like Reply 29
This. Sheryl reflected in the town hall on how her identity as a
mother-importantly, an identity she had the option to conceal and did-
used to limit her career options. I would hope that people addressing social
issues inextricably tied to their visible identities, issues much more pressing
and life or death than career possibilities, would be defended in view of this
rather than portrayed as an inconvenience. I get that this is a summary of
the range of feedback, but I think this was a missed opportunity to build
empathy for people who don't have the option of not engaging in social
issues.
Like 路 Reply 路 2y. Edited
Sorry, no. Being employed at one of the most prestigious companies in the
world, and being laser-focused, productive and hardworking is how many
people choose to be grateful to the opportunities given to them. I am
appalled that you are calling this out as privilege.
Now, none of us are saying these social issues are not important. But what
Sheryl is saying is that making progress as a society on these issues
requires speaking up, but also listening and being open and humble towards
contrary viewpoints. I am all for open debate, but what I am seeing in this
company is people with contrary viewpoints having to deal with their
characters being attacked and being silenced.
Like 路 Reply 路 2y
Do you feel like you are embodying the humble, open
viewpoint you're advocating here? Replying to people's points with "Sorry,
no" and calling their viewpoints "appalling" seems... demonstrably neither.
7
Like Reply 2y
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
Also, replying to two women of color's accounts of their lived
experience in this dismissive manner really suggests that you made no
attempt to engage with the content of what they were saying and instead
reacted to what you somehow perceived as a character assassination
(nowhere in anyone's comments here, as far as I can read) and is a striking
example of privilege in action.
8
Like Reply 2y Edited
"sorry no" is just saying sorry but I disagree. Saying I'm appalled
is voicing my reaction to this viewpoint. Saying someone is "exercising
Chats
