Like Re
Yes. You beat me to it. I am shamed to say I sometimes fall in this bucket.
Not because of lack of caring-- but I'm tired. Talking about social injustice in
its various forms makes me angry. And by the end of the day it's just that--
yet another little whiner, another name on the internet, shouting to the
internet. Or maybe I've grown to dislike conflicts because dealing with them
in a productive way is so time consuming.
Social issues are by nature very complex. Or perhaps a workplace, so
diverse in many aspects, is just not the right place to discuss with the
thoughtfulness and mental capacity these things deserve. So perhaps it's
just more productive to focus on impact, and be good to the people I have
influence over. Sad to say, this whole thing makes this feeling even more
prominent.
13
Like Reply 2y
Hmm... If we don't want to discuss social issues, perhaps lets not have our "VP of
Public Policy" publicly attend two events in support of a highly controversial
figure?
24
Like · Reply 24
As a new employee, this whole debacle is sad to me. Joel clearly was not
representing facebook when deciding to support his friend, he was representing
Joel. Can we just stay out of his life?
54
Like · Reply 2y
Hey, there is at least one giant positive spin available, which is that we are
pretty passionate about our company culture. We're just not all 100%
agreed about exactly what it is. But we freaking care. Welcome!
2 14
Like Reply 2y
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
(eCrime)
Some feel - and I have been surprised by the number of people who are
telling me this privately - that they come to work to focus on their jobs not
debate social issues and they feel increasingly that they are unable to do so.
Wow, pour one out for all the poor souls who have had disrupted the privilege of
going about their day unconcerned with such inconveniences as the fact that we
confirmed a man credibly accused of sexual assault to the highest court for life,
and the message of disrespect and mistrust it sends to women and survivors at
SERP_TAB&_eps__=SERP_TOP_TAB an is publicly celebrated by a top executive at our company with full
