This is worth noting, and I empathize with people who feel isolated or
alienated by the intense all-encompassing politicization of all topics, but at
the same time a different perspective might make the cost seem
worthwhile.
Here's an example: if an employee of a large company during the civil rights
movement were to complain that they weren't able to focus on their work
due to the constant debate on social issues, I think most people nowadays
would consider that to have been a necessary cost paid to achieve better
rights for all Americans.
From my understanding, the present crisis is viewed this way: powerful
people (mostly older men) have different rules applied to them than the rest
of us (but particularly women). The perception is that if a woman were
accused of crimes similar to what Kavanaugh was accused of, she would not
have been given the benefit of the doubt that he was: different rules apply.
In a similar vein, many women have experienced sexual assault similar to
that described by Dr. Ford yet felt pressured to hide it, or faced extreme
doubt and derision while the perpetrators walked free from doubt or blame:
different rules again. Now we see that a member of our leadership attended
a heated political hearing, without notifying the company beforehand, yet
the impression is that the average employee would not be given such a
break for doing so: once again, a perception of different rules applying to
different people.
That's the crisis: the powerful (particularly men) getting away with things
the rest (particularly women) would have their careers (or even lives)
destroyed for
So you can see why some people might feel like now is a time that requires
breaking social norms on isolation of political discussion. The question is: in
40 years, will this period be seen as one of crucial change (as with the civil
rights movement and many others), incurring a cost of social stability in
order to transform society into something a little more tolerable?
Like · Reply · 2y
42
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
Sheryl
As many said last Friday, this isn't about politics. And as you noted, "FB is against
rape" is pretty obvious (and therefore weak).
I request that FB tell the world that our principle is that all accusations of sexual
assault should be taken seriously and investigated in a fair and even-handed way.
No matter who the accuser is and no matter who is accused.
The best person to deliver that message is Kavanaugh's friend Joel -- and not in
=SERP TOP TAB Hic delivering
a
EP TAB&
eps
Chats
