think he was referencing those items as a means of addressing
how the word privilege may be thrown around and how it's a matter of
perspective and how we may all fit into that in the eyes of others. Or at least
that's how I read it.
2
Like · Reply · 2y
yes
is right.
I didn't mean to be insensitive and I totally support the right of people to
take the time and cope with their experiences here at work. I support the
discussion and I support the help we should be providing them.
What I don't support is the attack on people who choose to focus on work.
It's their right and there is nothing privileged about it.
I'm sorry if my comment hurt you in some way, that wasn't what I tried to
communicate here...
3
Like Reply 2y
Probably my last comment for awhile as I've talked way too
much on these threads and fallen way too behind...
Just want to add that on this topic, I've seen both men and women here try
to openly express the trouble they're having with their worlds colliding
between work and politics and their desire for an escape.
It's worth noting that 1) in most(not all)corporate settings, these issues are
kept very far away which doesn't offer many the experience of how to
handle these issues and
2) many people are new to FB and it's culture and we should consider that
it's reasonable for people to be uncomfortable with our level of openness on
these topics not having been in a similar environment.
It's more than fair that it can be viewed to some as a privilege to try ignoring
these issues, but I'd caution those that frame this solely based off the
assumption it's due to "privilege".
There are many issues that have directly effected me these past couple of
years, and I found myself spiraling when faced with trying to battle the
topics on my personal FB every day. It led to a very unhealthy mental state
and feelings of depression. There were times I needed to escape for my own
well-being...it doesn't mean it's right or help the cause, but I think people
should choose to what extent they'd like to participate.
Like Reply 2y Edited
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
Chats
I think people are assuming a little bit of bad intent on this one.
