-
Lastly, regarding your comment about Zuckerberg. Ultimately, you are the
person who can make the decision if you want to be representing your
company at all times or only in your business life. Unless it is explicitly said
in the contract that you can't attend X type of events or that you need to
ask for permission before going to public places (I suppose this is illegal or
nobody would sign it hehe). If not, you are the owner of your freedom of
doing whatever you want - as far as it is reasonable/legal/etc.
At least from my point of view, I am not accountable for nothing related with
facebook when I wear a Facebook T-shirt. As any person could have bought
it online for example. So I may go to a vegetarian protest
march/demonstration and FB can't stop me for doing so, or FB would be
over my freedom, that will never be the case. (That I could do it doesn't
mean that I would do it, but I have the freedom of choice and whatever
chose should be respected)
We are in the same office, so happy to have a conversation over lunch
a
namesake/tocayo
1
Like Reply 2y
sure, I'll be happy to talk about this in person. Regarding the t-shirt,
you cannot wear it if you want to attend somewhere on a personal basis.
This, I believe, is covered in the bootcamp. Same thing for certain
employees. At some level and especially at some position, like Joel's, you
represent the company at all times unless you clearly separate yourself and
make a very clear and public statement. That's why I don't agree with "this
is an opinion". It's not. CEOs and VPs / very public figures of companies are
different.
Finally, I understand your analogy but again, I neither agree with the
equivalence nor like scenarios that are arbitrarily picked to create an
impossible dilemma. As I said, if he really wanted to stay in the clear, there
was a very simple and direct path he could have chosen. And he knew it,
this is definitely not his first rodeo. Hence why I say what I say.
Anyway, if you want, we can grab a coffee anytime. I won't be in the office
until later in the month, though.
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
1
Like · Reply 2y
Yeah, let's talk when you are around !!
1
Like Reply · 2y
