While I like to take part in these discussions and believe they are important to
have, I totally get people who prefer not to.
I read this thread and am trying to understand how did we manage to villainize
people who want to come to work to focus on their job? Now they are apparently
labeled as "privileged"?
The privilege here is to work at a company that enables these discussion, that
allows and encourage people to spend their time in the office debating and
discussing social and political issues.
99.99% of the working people in the world go to work for.... well - work. They do
not get free food or top class health care, they don't get perks or time off, they
don't get to work on things they love or feel passionate about and for sure they
don't get to spend their time at work debating social issues.
We are all extremely lucky (the rest of the world will say privileged) in that sense.
There is nothing special or privileged about wanting to focus on your job when
you come to work, it's actually quite natural
37
Like · Reply 2y
^ Hide 12 Replies
To label someone as privileged isn't the same as to villainize. That's an
important distinction to make up front.
Additionally, i think what we are discussing is not about the desire to focus
on work - it's about the ability to only focus on work. Some people are
actively grappling with private realities that make it hard to focus on the task
in front of them and it's exacerbated in times like these as it's hard to feel as
if the company (or the world) is working with you.
I desire for everyone to have that privilege. But it's not where we are.
b 17
Like Reply 2y
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
I think your comment is pretty insensitive. You have colleagues who are
reliving traumatizing experiences and you are bringing up free food and
PTO? Are you serious? The fact that people are able to ask that these
discussions not be had is a privilege itself.
3
Like Reply 2y Edited
I think he was referencing those items as a means of addressing
how the word privilege may be thrown around and how it's a matter of
perspective and how we may all fit into that in the eyes of others. Or at least
that's how I read it.
Chats
