Thanks for sharing this Sheryl. To address your point "Some feel that leaders are
treated differently from other employees at Facebook", why don't we have an
appeal process if we think our managers gave us a wrong rating? You said
everybody makes or have made mistakes, so if we are all equal in the company
why don't you change our policy? We are all human beings and mistakes can
happen, but if you are a leader, a manager, or a person of power it seems it is
ok...or else it is tolerated. This is another very sad moment for Facebook, and I am
disappointed to see that a company whose mission is "to give people the power
to build community", is on the contrary giving leaders the power to do whatever
they want.
8
Like Reply 2y
+1 to a PSC appeals process. I haven't personally experienced this but have
heard of coworkers receiving sexist feedback on their reviews. There should
100% be a way to appeal reviews and/or call out bias in reviews.
8
Like · Reply - 2y Edited
There is an appeals process in the sense that feedback given is not final for
some time until after given to the employee. I've received feedback that was
in direct contraction with company values and policies. In one review I was
given plenty of time to show the contradiction and get it stricken from the
record.
5
Like · Reply 2y
if you are willing to share was there a process/support for that or
did you have to spearhead that on your own?
Like Reply · 2y
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
Thanks for surfacing this,
Are there any written guidelines or policy
stating that? When asked about this I got a clear no from our HR
department. Our assumption as a company is that calibrations go through
different reviews, therefore they are final and correct. Nice, isn't it? We are
definitely equal to our leadership class.
1
Like Reply 2y Edited
Understand that my appeal changed nothing about rating received. This
was a "Meets All" review which remained a "Meets All" review. There was
paragraph on what I needed to improve, however, which I completely
eps_=SERP_TOP_TAB
d with. This was several years ago so it's hard to remember the
Chats
SERP_TAB&
