1
Redacted for Congress
Here's how I derived an answer for you:
• After I test with the original model (where max score across the entire video is 0.96 as I wrote in my note), I took
some more known copies of NZ videos and re-stream this video. A lot of known copies of NZ was altered with
different dimensions, overlaid text, therefore the max score that we get from the current production model were in
different range in (0.8 -0.96).
• The limitation of the production model is it is somewhat biased towards dashcam, where we observed a significant
amount of law enforcement videos in our training data.
• We are limited in labeling resources from Community Ops (cc|
and with such high false positive rate,
we have to leave the threshold really nigh. Today, CO can only review - 100-200 live videos reported for this report
type, so we'll have to do better job on our modeling end.
Therefore, the answer is likely no at the moment (and yes only if we get the exact original video) for the FPS concept
itself. That being said, our progress tor turn this answer to a yes:
• Today, we are really short of "proxy" positive data given the super low volume of such category. We aim to solve
this problems by:
. Work with law enforcement outreach (cc|
to collect more
data. So far we got some data from National Counter-Terrorism Center) but the volume is in-significant. We're
working on partnering with London MET police to acquire more of their office training data.
• Prepare better training data. Since we don't have the ability of localizing the "positive" part of the video, we
have to come up with a better algorithm since we can potential mark an 8-hour long video to be positive even if Ba
20-second of that matters.
Like · Reply · 1y. Edited . Formatted
nG
unrelated to the FPS concept, the new graphic violence Live video model we launched early this week
consistently scores the NZ video in the 90s, well above the report threshold of 0.66.
For this reason, the answer to your question is yes. If re-streamed today, the NZ video would be proactively enqueued
for human review.
I have confirmed the original NZ video was not in training, however, I will need to do further analysis before confidently
confirming that no copies of the video were in the training set.
Like · Reply · 1y. Edited
1
4
