some thoughts:
. You're allowed to agree with the mission but disagree with tactics or actions we take along the way. If/when you
do, speak up! And if you think we're ever straying from our mission, or it needs to evolve, speak up! Actions can
be loud or small - it can be hiring PR firms that in retrospect maybe weren't the best idea or it could be a small
feature change idea you have, or anything in between. I'll give you an example from my days in politics: there
would be some things along the way I wouldn't agree with my candidate on. It could be policy positions, actions,
etc. the problem in politics is that there's many fewer venues to actually speak up and affect that change (the
politics of politics are brutal). Here, we can, and we should.
• I view it as a pendulum. Were we as good as they said we were in the early 2010s? Probably not in retrospect.
Are we as bad as they say we are now? Absolutely not. It's never going to be black or white. As a society, we're
figuring this out together, and it goes beyond us. What's the role of media in the age of disruption? How can
other social media platforms spark better discourse? How can WE spark better discourse? What is driven by
human nature vs. our platform and how do we account for that? No easy answers for any of that, but I'd rather
be at a place that's at the center of this and committed to making things better rather than rabble-rousing from
the outside.
We as a society need to find a better balance on this pendulum and we play an important part, but we're not the only
part.
I hope this helps and would be curious your perspective!
Like · Reply · 2y · Edited · Formatted
thank you
for your thoughtfulness. it felt good to read.
1
Like · Reply · 2y
.
Write a reply...
awesome post -- i concur with alot of your pts. thanks from composing and sharing!
1
Like · Reply · 2y
Thanks
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
Like Reply · 2y · Edited
Thanks so much for sharing! Your insight is always valuable. I think the first point about actually reading the
articles is so important. People form opinions too quickly based on chatter, headlines, and summaries.
Like · Reply · 2y
3
Thanks, Actually reading the pieces - especially twice - is hard, but I try to hold myself to it to
ensure that my POVs are well informed (or at least informed).
And our platforms don't make this easy, which is why I'm excited for all of the experimentation we're doing on the
news side.
