Why wouldn't that be a conversation on the business side? Isn't it their job to make money for the
business?
Like · Reply · 2y
Sure, of course. Just listing as evidence that FB taking revenue IS a top priority and
concern for media outlets and that revenue disruption is not just a blanket theory or generalization
Like · Reply · 2y · Edited
1 1
another angle in providing constructive energy against the Russian example (vs the press) is working
on better mechanisms to root-out fake accounts, purposely-deceptive ads and posts, to make our product better.
ID 1
Like · Reply · 2y
what I'm saying is there's a difference between the business side and editorial side. Are
you saying that the editorial side is skewing its coverage of Facebook because the business side isn't doing as well?
wouldn't be surprised that this would be a concern on the business side, just as it would be for any other company
that makes money off of advertising.
Like · Reply · 2y
Unless we work there we won't know for sure if the editorial side is skewing their
coverage or not, but NYT's steep declines in revenue impact the editorial side's compensation, benefits, bonuses,
morale and optimism, etc. So challenges on the business side definitely impact those on the editorial side and may be
considered in their coverage.
Another factor to consider is influence. Before FB, people got news from NYT and other similar sources. Now a lot of
people get news from other sources through FB and Twitter. In some ways, FB is limiting the reach and therefore
influence that the NYT editorial side has on audiences.
Like · Reply · 2y
I assume that both FB and NYT are both biased when it comes to judging the behavior of FB. For me
assume good intent isn't limited to FB employees, if I am to use it when thinking about my co-workers I should use it
when dealing with others.
Like · Reply · 2y
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
So NYT is purely profit driven but FB only acts according to our mission
Like · Reply · 2y
I'm not clear on the point you're making. Could you clarify? Are you saying the media should
have good intent when writing about our company? Or are you saying assume good intent fr
Chats
else?
