Thank you so much for writing this up. A lot of the sentiments expressed internally about how the press are
liars and can't be trusted any time someone criticizes Facebook terrify me. They speak to a profound disrespect for one of
the few ways that we - Americans in particular - have available to hold those in power accountable.
It's terrifying to imagine that people in decision-making positions here might be actively hostile to the freedom of the press
and able to do some serious damage (through so many channels - technical, social, financial).
It's disturbing when you notice that it seems like press exposes and criticisms seem to be the major thing that result in
change here - it looks like a pretty solid pattern where the company is called out by the press, the company announces
changes, called out, changes, rinse, repeat.
And it's unsettling that people here are very good about preaching "assume good intent" until it comes to criticism from
external sources, and then hostility and us-versus-them attitudes come out in full force. If Facebook makes a mistake, it was
unforeseeable, or a one-time thing, or nobody else could've done better, and all should be forgiven. If someone else -
particularly anyone in the press - makes a mistake, it's a sign that they're malicious and never to be trusted again going
forward.
I think "assume good intent" should be, if anything, practiced even more aggressively with people who aren't here to defend
themselves. If we assume the best of ourselves and not "others", that's not healthy culture. That's a cult.
Like · Reply · 2y
8
"A lot of the sentiments expressed internally about how the press are liars and can't be trusted any time
someone criticizes Facebook terrify me."
That's a deliberate misrepresentation of what people are saying internally. The phrasing you are using here is outright
disingenuous.
| the press
See More
Like · Reply · 2y. Formatted
Thanks for the feedback. Glad to hear it's not a problem.
Like · Reply · 2y
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
1
I think "assume good intent" should be, if anything, practiced even more aggressively with people who aren't
here to defend themselves.
Not a smart idea to apply to competitors in the marketplace. Business in a competition. We took the New York
Times's lunch money. They are not your friends.
Like · Reply · 2y. Formatted
You fundamentally don't understand my argument.
Like · Reply · 2y. Edited
Chats
