-
. Second, internalize what you're reading and try not to immediately jump to 1) it's
FAKE NEWS, 2) they got this small detail wrong, they're totally wrong), or 3) THEY
HAVE A VENDETTA AGAINST US. We all have a responsibility to learn from the
criticism we get and collectively take responsibility that we're the largest platform
platform in the world - jumping into defense mode too quickly prevents us from doing
that. I personally am glad that the press is holding us to account (note: this isn't me
saying leak. Don't leak). Reputable media may not get all details right ever - heck,
that's because companies like ours only share so many details externally - but you
know what? Typically the narratives have shades of truth. Taking the articles I listed
above as an example: Pulse scores were off, the last few years have been tough,
sometimes we get blamed for things that aren't directly our fault and we haven't always
had the best privacy controls (oh, and we built a tool that raised a ton of money for
causes). Internalize that and use this to help us get better. That's why I'm here, that's
why I stay, and that's why I'm excited to find ways to make our company and our
products better every day.
Third, be the change. Rather than rally against the value of the free press, help be
part of the solution. See something you don't agree with internally? Say something (and
be specific and constructive)! Feel strongly about an issue? Talk to the team working on
it (and be specific and constructive)! Disagree with approach? Ask about it at Q&A! I
personally channel this energy by posting a lot of feedback in groups. That may not world
for you - and that's ok! Figure out what does work for you. We work at a company that
empowers anyone to have an idea and see it hit production the next day. Use this power
smartly, though, please - don't be a jerk.
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
But we do amazing things every day! We deserve positive coverage! Yes we do, no
we don't. The press's job isn't to reproduce our press releases. It's to hold institutions of
power accountable. We are an institution of power, and I'm thankful for the r-la el.
Chats
plays. Let's learn from this and do better.
