Deen prutal ior racebook, Inc. in the press (see: nere, nere, nere ana nere (on, anu nere, an
exception)). I've been here a while so my friends typically don't bother me a ton with
Facebook-related articles, but over the last few days, I've had four different friends and
family members ask me about recent news.
Having spent the last seven years of my life working at places that have gotten a lot of media
attention (5.2 years combined at Facebook plus two presidential campaigns), I wanted to
share my approach to reading tough news stories that I've learned over the years, View this as
one person's perspective, but I share all of this in the hopes that when negative and tough
articles get published, we let our Comms team do their jobs - push back and correct details
and narrative, as needed – and we focus on understanding what we can learn from external
criticism and how we can make our products and our company better.
-
Three things:
First, read the articles. Every word. Then read it again. Sounds simple, but this
doesn't always happen before people feel the need to react to parts of stories or details
that they think are wrong. And by read articles, I don't mean a HuffPo synopsis of the
synopsis of the story or an Axios Be Smart summary (brevity is not always smart, sorry),
or the most critical part of the story excerpted in the comments section of an FYI post.
Read the original story from the original source. Twice.
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
. Second, internalize what you're reading and try not to immediately jump to 1) it's
FAKE NEWS, 2) they got this small detail wrong, they're totally wrong), or 3) THEY
HAVE A VENDETTA AGAINST US. We all have a responsibility to learn from the
criticism we get and collectively take responsibility that we're the largest platform
platform in the world - jumping into defense mode too quickly prevents us from doing
that. I personally am glad that the press is holding us to account (note: this isn't me
saying leak. Don't leak). Reputable media may not get all details right eve Chats
