Agree with your points about learning from criticism. Strongly disagree with your assertion that the United
States' Mainstream (Mass) Media (MSM) holds people in power accountable categorically - look at the wildly different tone
in reporting between President Trump and President Obama. Ignoring the partisan issue, didn't some news executives use
their power to suppress reporting on Harvey Weinstein? This isn't an indictment of the press, but it should inform the way
we understand their reports. Frankly, the MSM seems incredibly elitist - Jamal Khashoggi's death got more coverage than
the entire war in Yemen. And the MSM was so #shook on election night 2016 that some of the anchors broke into tears - 1
can't imagine what sort of bubble they were in to fail to recognize that Trump had a legitimate chance of winning. If you
want to a chuckle, look at what happened when someone started asking reporters if they knew someone who (owned a pick
up truck] (https://www.dailywire.com/.../journalists-lose-it-after...) - keep in mind that pick up trucks are among the best
selling vehicles in America.
I'm not here to be the arbiter of what's valid criticism and what isn't. Just here to submit that idea that looking to the press
to understand the spectrum of criticism is incredibly misguided (see point above about the press' spectacular failings and
elite self-interest, additionally it's apparent that our business of connecting people is a threat to the hierarchical control of
information that the press enjoys - read Noam Chomsky's Manufacturing Consent if you'd like to learn more) and we'd
probably do a disservice to 99.9% of our user base if we let the MSM determine what our issues are.
Want to learn about our issues? Here are 12k research reports from some of the finest researchers I've ever had the
privilege of working with.
a
DAILYWIRE.COM
Journalists LOSE IT After Being Informed They Don't Know Americans Who Own
Trucks
OD 3
Like · Reply · 2y. Formatted
-
Thanks for sharing your perspective, I'm going to spend some time reading through your points
and the link you shared and I'll follow up with my thoughts, probably next week.
Like · Reply · 2y
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
from your perspective, where should we look for for facts and truth?
Like · Reply · 2y
Sorry for the delayed response - I'm not trying to dodge this but I am going to decline to put
my perspective on the record - this isn't about me. However, I tend to be in broad agreement with Leo Strauss,
Thomas Aquinas, Maimonides, Thomas Hobbes, and Aristotle and think they're mostly right about the important
things.
Like · Reply · 2y
