Di really do want to understand your point. My point isn't that the press is perfect. But by getting
defensive about every little thing they say, that benefits no one and enables us to dig in and think that any external
criticism is wrong, which is extremely dangerous.
Like · Reply · 2y
I am not advocating dismissing everything they say or even any particular thing they say. I'm
advocating being cognizant of the possibility (in my mind, the likelihood) that they have a vested interest in attacking
us and are not acting in a... See More
2
Like · Reply · 2y
Thanks for laying this out. Agreed with you that our fundamental disagreement is on the credibility of
media outlets like The NY Times. How would you define bias? Writing negative articles about us? Or something
larger? How would you balance that with the fact that our platforms are some of the most powerful in human history?
Should there be a check on us? If so, how? If not, why?
a
Like · Reply · 2y
How would you define bias?
Deviation from objective reality due to preconceived beliefs.
See More
6
Like · Reply · 2y. Formatted
I think your point on the revenue/disruption of their industry is interesting. I disagree with your
premise but let me think about it some more before responding. Thanks for engaging - this is a really interesting, an
important, discussion.
Like · Reply · 2y
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
Just to jump in here, I previously worked at a top news outlet (not NYT but
another household name) on the business side. Every conversation with senior leadership was about revenue shifting
from print to digital and competition against Google and FB. Is that enough to prove that journalism is biased? No, by
declining revenues impacts employee (journalists') compensation, benefits, morale, etc. and may affect their
coverage on FB--whether subconsciously or purposely.
Like · Reply · 2y · Edited
Why wouldn't that be a conversation on the business side? Isn't it their job to make money for the
a
business?
Like Reply · 2y
Chats
