Thanks
I've been writing this in my head for a very long time and finally put pen to paper.
Like Reply 2y
(PM) This resonates with me. There seems to be two dominant responses to negative press here: (1) this must
be wrong, or (2) it's "the company's" fault, but not mine. Internalizing the criticism and attempting to be the change is more
constructive.
As you write, it's easy to get caught up in little details that are painted unfairly -- and there are definitely some things in
press that miss the mark! But that misses the point: We are a company at the center of 2B people's lives and have a great
responsibility to do better. I especially challenge my colleagues who work on product teams to hold ourselves to higher
standards. Consider stress cases and integrity; consult researchers on well-being; align behind metrics that track to your
mission, not the other way around (and call your team out when you start to game numbers).
Facebook is a company built on thousands of decisions rank and file employees make every day, and if we each do a little
better, we can steer the ship to a healthier place.
a
Like · Reply · 2y
Love everything about this!
Like · Reply · 2y
1
.
Yeah DH!
Like · Reply · 2y
Thank you for this great post. I'm new to Facebook and have never worked anywhere that's in the
media's spotlight before. I've been grappling with how to deal with these exact issues since I started here. Hearing about
your approach is really helpful.
Like · Reply · 2y
Glad you found it helpful! It takes some time get used to (working at a company that's in the spotlight),
but all that means is we work at a place that's important.
D
Like · Reply · 2y
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
I was really hoping you'd write something because your comments are always my favorite. Your message of
being specific and constructive is so spot on. THANK YOU!!!
Like · Reply · 2y
I've been writing this in my head for the last five years and finally was able to put pen to paper. Thanks,
Like · Reply · 2y
-
.
Thank you for writing what I have been thinking.
Chats
