Thanks so much for sharing! Your insight is always valuable. I think the first point about actually reading the
articles is so important. People form opinions too quickly based on chatter, headlines, and summaries.
3
Like · Reply · 2y
Thanks
Actually reading the pieces - especially twice - is hard, but I try to hold myself to it to
ensure that my POVs are well informed (or at least informed).
And our platforms don't make this easy, which is why I'm excited for all of the experimentation we're doing on the
news side.
Like · Reply · 2y. Edited
Thanks for the valuable and insightful post Joel. While it's very tough to read criticism about our company
from the press, your post reminds us that we should be grateful for their outside perspective and the opportunity to improve
FB. As Rich Brian eloquently stated on Twitter:
Rich Brian
@richbrian
i want someone to make a diss track of
me so i can hear about my flaws n learn
from it
11:49 PM - Nov 14, 2018 Twitter for iPhone
11.3K Retweets
54.8K Likes
2
Like · Reply · 2y
Thanks
One other consideration: this isn't just us. I've thought about this since my days in politics. When my candidate would
do something not great, or a poll would come back that wasn't ideal, there was this sense that it's always us vs. ...
See More
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
Like · Reply · 2y - Edited
Thank you so much for writing this up. A lot of the sentiments expressed internally about how the press are
liars and can't be trusted any time someone criticizes Facebook terrify me. They speak to a profound disrespect for one of
the few ways that we - Americans in particular - have available to hold those in power accountable.
It's terrifying to imagine that people in decision-making positions here might be actively hostile to the freedom of the press
and able to do some serious damage (through so many channels - technical, social, financial).
It's disturbing when you notice that it seems like press exposes and criticisms seem to be the major thing that result in
change here - it looks like a pretty solid pattern where the company is called out by the press, the company announces
changes, called out, changes, rinse, repeat.
Chats
And it's unsettling that people here are very good about preaching "assume good intent" until it co
