So NYT is purely profit driven but FB only acts according to our mission
3
Like · Reply · 2y
I'm not clear on the point you're making. Could you clarify? Are you saying the media should
have good intent when writing about our company? Or are you saying assume good intent from them? Or something
else?
Like · Reply · 2y
I am saying that assume good intent works better when we extend it to people who don't
work at FB, at least it does for me.
Like · Reply · 2y
.
O "Unless we work there we won't know for sure...that's why this debate is tricky, so be best to agree to
disagree. But I hear your point and I think you bring up interesting points.
It's just slippery logic because the same argument could be applied to us "unless you work there, you don't know if
(they're just out to make money), (they understand the power they have), (if they're reducing reach of The NY Times
in News Feed), etc. we just happen to trust FB more because we work here.
Like · Reply · 2y. Edited
-
Write a reply...
The hardest part for me is the doubt. Am I really working for a company that's bad for the world? Are news
outlets I generally believe to be credible actually not so credible? I don't have an answer for those, but I really appreciate
your note. Your suggestions will make it much easier to engage constructively.
Like · Reply · 2y
1 2
O Hey
really good and fair questions. I have some thoughts on this, but let me think about this a
little more before getting back to you.
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
Like · Reply · 2y
some thoughts:
• You're allowed to agree with the mission but disagree with tactics or actions we take along the way. If/when you
do, speak up! And if you think we're ever straying from our mission, or it needs to evolve, speak up! Actions can
be loud or small - it can be hiring PR firms that in retrospect maybe weren't the best idea or it could be a small
feature change idea you have, or anything in between. I'll give you an example from my days in politics: there
would be some things along the way I wouldn't agree with my candidate on. It could be policy positions, actions,
etc. the problem in politics is that there's many fewer venues to actually speak up and affect that change (the
politics of politics are brutal). Here, we can, and we should.
• I view it as a pendulum. Were we as good as they said we were in the early 2010s? Prot Chats
had a tha au
تمامماطمطمممممممممما امام المهطههممم
