СС
Like · Reply-Ty
CC
on demographics being a good predictor of a group (popular groups, category
UIP)
could this suggest that our recommendations are currently biased at engaging only certain demographics? Is it a
chicken/egg problem?
Like · Reply - Ty Edited
they are, but not sure how is it a chicken and an egg scenario - if people become less engaged, they are
more likely (with recent changes) to be targeted by our recommendations. So the feedback loop should be broken?
Like · Reply · ty
for # of local groups near a person as negatively correlated with engagement
Like · Reply ly
Interesting reading. I assume by saying looking to create more local group is too optimistic, you mean # local
contributes little to none(or even negative) to likelihood of engagement. I wonder if it's possible #local groups could
actually attract more users to group and then absolute number of engaged people would increase given lower likelihood of
engagement
Like Reply · 1y
Good point!
When doing the same procedure just to predict No users, there's still a positive correlation between number of local-
groups and being a NO. Since NO are not necessarily users that know about groups, I think your idea doesn't explain
everything we see here.
Like · Reply ly
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
Super interesting analysis! I wonder if the reason for this effect is that people in cities have a different
demand for different types of groups. Eg, people in rural areas might have a high demand for general neighborhood groups
(we know this from research!), while people in cities have a higher demand for organization, interest, and identity x local
groups.
I'd be interested to see this analysis broken down by group type to confirm this (I don't think we have a good existing model
to predict if a group is local interest, identity, organization, culture, or neighborhood, which might make it tough). I'd expect
to see that rural areas have high demand for neighborhood groups, while cities have high unmet demand for local x
something groups. (cc
for this hypothesis.)
Second hypothesis: people in cities use other apps instead of Groups, like Meetup, Eventbrite, and Reddit. (cc
for this hypothesis.)
Like Reply. Ty
Chats
