July 20, 2020.
Popular Information on 3PFC Escalations
Over the past several months, reporter Judd Legum at Popular Information has questioned the
independence of our third-party fact-checking program, our approach to opinion content, and
scrutinized our relationships with publishers - particularly as they relate to climate change
misinformation. This morning Judd ran another story, this time focused on why and how a fact-
check on a climate change piece was reversed only for the conservative publisher the Daily
Wire and not the other conservative publications that also ran the piece.
For clarity: in this case, our science-focused fact-checking partner Science Feedback
independently reviewed appeals and, when The Daily Wire added a link to the fact-check from
their article, Science Feedback decided to remove its Partly False rating. Facebook did not
weigh in, which both Science Feedback and Facebook confirmed for the reporter.
Judd's reporting is based off of a leaked escalation note that was sent to leadership. As with
all leaks, this one is discouraging. In this case, the team sent an FYI only note to leadership
since we expected press coverage and wanted leaders to be aware of how we were managing
the situation. What was made clear in the note, even though Judd did not cite it in his story, is
that fact-checkers have discretion on what and how to rate and that appeals processes are run
independent from us.
Clarifying our approach to climate change misinformation
This story also touches on our approach to climate change misinformation, which has been
mischaracterized in the press over the past couple of weeks. Our fact-checkers can and do
rate climate science content - there has never been a prohibition against doing so.
Nevertheless, there's been a suggestion that we have an "opinion loophole," which is allowing
climate change deniers to promote their content on our platform unchecked - this is not
accurate.
Since we launched our program in 2016, the focus has been on fact-checking verifiable
assertions of fact vs. opinion content. We do not consider climate change, or any topic,
opinion by definition. Simply labeling a piece of content as an op-ed or editorial does not make
it ineligible for fact-checking. This is not and has never been the case. Last week we updated
our Help Center to make it clearer that "content presented as opinion but based on underlying
false information may still be eligible for rating." This reflects what we've shared with our fact-
checkers verbally previously. We are continuing to work to make this clearer going forward.
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
66
41 Comments 14 Shares Seen by 10K
3 Like
0 Comment
Share
