Green@ Global
July 1, 2020
Multiple climate groups & activists now calling on us to manage climate misinformation as a
public health issue:
https://www.climatepower2020.org/facebook-letter/
Full text below, links to related internal discussion in comments.
And related I pulled together some of the examples we've seen on platform of climate
misinformation here:
https://fb.workplace.com/groups/130831050311622/permalink/3292143014180394/
FULL TEXT
Ms. Thorning-Schmidt,
In the four years you served Denmark as Prime Minister, you saw the effects of CO2 on climate
change first hand. You made this dire challenge central to your tenure; you took action and
asked other leaders to do the same. You made bold and ambitious commitments to achieve
100% renewable energy. You were celebrated for affirming the urgent necessity of acting to
halt climate change.
Above all, you told the world that climate change is not "an opinion." It is fact.
Facebook is allowing the spread of climate misinformation to flourish, unchecked, across the
globe. Instead of heeding the advice of independent scientists and approved fact-checkers
from Climate Feedback, Facebook sided with fossil fuel lobbyists by allowing the CO2 Coalition
to take advantage of a giant loophole for "opinion" content. The loophole has allowed climate
denial to fester by labeling it "opinion," and thus, avoiding the platform's fact-checking
processes.
Facebook knows how to take action against misinformation. When COVID-19 denial took hold
on the platform, it was forcibly shut down because Facebook understood that the spread of
COVID-19 misinformation could cause imminent physical harm to the health and well-being of
Facebook users. Climate denial and misinformation are also deadly. By allowing climate
misinformation to go unchecked, Facebook is actively putting the health and well-being of our
nation's most vulnerable low-income communities and communities of color at risk.
You and the Oversight Board must step in and enact the same standard for the denial of
climate change as you did for COVID-19 misinformation.
The integrity of the Oversight Board is at risk. Mark Zuckerberg has refused to recognize that
he must get the facts right on climate, and refused to acknowledge that climate denial on his
platform is as dangerous a threat to future generations as any.
We are asking you to lead the charge to fix this. Until Facebook takes a stand, climate denial
groups such as the CO2 Coalition will continue to exploit your platform to sow discord and put
our nation's health and security at dire risk.
When you were Prime Minister, you knew for certain that climate change was fact, not op Chats
and needs to be treated as such Invour current role as an overseer of Facebookis dange
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
