Share
Save
Comment
Like
Like · Reply · 1y
one word: powerful
1
Like · Reply. ly
0 *Cover photo is a participant's depiction of the current state of content regulation on FB. According to the
participant, the dinosaur represents how angry users are and the person at the computer is FB's moderators completely
overwhelmed
OD 5
Like · Reply · 1y
thanks for the write up, for the stakeholder understanding, and the learning about lack of awareness.
with transparency hub vision, are we starting to look at how to distribute the info/trainings on more of a push model, finding
forums that best work for them? Consolidating all info in the central transparency portal is a great first step, but we may
need something more proactive to take it further
a
Like · Reply 1y
Totally agree, Having a centralized, understandable, and transparent (but passive) artifact is
necessary but not sufficient. Currently, there is no "one stop shop" for any interested parties to understand our
approach to content regulation (e.g., CSs live on one site, advertiser rules on another, and Page/publisher rules on
another; important information about our efforts living in blog posts). If stakeholders even discover these pieces w
force them to put together their own narrative.
We definitely plan to work with our internal policy and comms friends to understand the best push model and how
maximize and scale impact. We also hope to build in different engagement models (e.g., maybe draft policy
commentary opportunities, maybe a part of the portal that's only accessible to trusted stakeholders who can refer
additional stakeholders to us) to bring more people into the process.
Like · Reply · 1y
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
Incredibly helpful write up! Regarding the table of stakeholders, can you point me to any resource that lists
the academic/ civil society groups we are referencing + how we prioritized them?
Like · Reply · 1y
-
--We are hoping to build out a more robust process to regularly gather and aggregate insights
at a more precise stakeholder level via employees who own these relationships. Aggregating the qualitative feedback
employees across the company are gathering from stakeholders could be super valuable to understand where
stakeholders stand and provide direction and strategy for integrity teams.
For this quick pulse we relied on insights from our policy and comms partners who summarized the sentiment, top
concerns, and points of confusion from the stakeholders their teams engage with. This included people from civil
society groups, policy folks, journalists/media, and academics but can't distill out exactly wh
referencing.
Chats
