Like · Reply · ly
Incredibly helpful write up! Regarding the table of stakeholders, can you point me to any resource that lists out
the academic civil society groups we are referencing + how we prioritized them?
Like · Reply. Ty
--We are hoping to build out a more robust process to regularly gather and aggregate insights
at a more precise stakeholder level via employees who own these relationships. Aggregating the qualitative feedback
employees across the company are gathering from stakeholders could be super valuable to understand where
stakeholders stand and provide direction and strategy for integrity teams.
For this quick pulse we relied on insights from our policy and comms partners who summarized the sentiment, top
concerns, and points of confusion from the stakeholders their teams engage with. This included people from civil
society groups, policy folks, journalists/media, and academics but can't distill out exactly which groups they are
referencing.
Like · Reply · 1y. Edited
- thanks so much! Long term, it would be really helpful to understand 1) the types of Civil
Society Groups and academics that are the most vocal for each subtopic (ie: protecting ppl when we move to
encryption) + 2) where we as a company are most interested in moving the needle on perception. This info would
help us prioritize how we build solutions across problem types.
IE: if we knew that sex workers rights advocates and people of color are two key stakeholders that are most
concerned about fairness in community standards + we know want to shift their perception on this, that would help
us more effectively prioritize projects/programming around human trafficking moving forward.
Happy to chat more about this if you have q's!
Like · Reply. Ty
O Definitely agree being able to understand these themes and target our work more effectively is super
important!
whose teams manage these stakeholder relationships would have the
most insight into your points (1) and (2)!
Like · Reply · 1y
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
Write a reply...
for R&R + Overall Support research
11
Like · Reply. Ty
Thank you
for this note! Really helpful for our work on the Oversight Board
1
Like · Reply · 1y
Chats
Convenient timing from PEW: https://www.pewresearch.org/.../few-americans-are.../...
