Yes (although 50 means 0.50), so there are deltoid metrics of this type for various thresholds (0.5
0.5, 0.85, 0.9, and 0.95) for the graphic violence, borderline hate, and hate speech classifiers.
Like Reply 2y
Thanks!
as light weight PD metrics.
maybe we can leverage these deltoid metrics for your AB testing
Like · Reply · 2y
We have a labellel based d3 tag for misinfo look at 'misinfo_user_vpv_7_lag!. It has VPVS for links
where we wait 7 days to get labels.
It is not surprising to me to hear that oCQ is not a strong lever at reducing hate/N&P. These seem to be opposit...
See More
Like Reply. 2y
11
For my understanding: This relates to holdout of people -- right? So, I wonder how virality impacts these
numbers. If the holdout is a small percentage, then a successful clickbait headline might work well for the holdout -- but it
has a much harder time becoming viral. So I assume that the real impact of the demotion is higher for things that are
highly dependent on viral growth. Is that right? And if so, can this be corrected for?
Like · Reply 2y
2
Yes that intuition is correct and this analysis does not account for downstream impact; we are
working to account for that in integrity metrics and to measure that in our holdouts. Will keep you posted when we
have something there. is leading the charge here and porting over some of the downstream work that
Relevance has pioneered.
Like · Reply · 2y
2
Sorry if this is basic, is there anywhere I can read more about which integrity
Super interesting
features we're holding users out from?
11
Like · Reply · 2y
REDACTED FOR CONGRESS
It's not documented publicly unfortunately, but the gist is we are removing clickbait rules, ad farm
rules, engagement bait rules, broad trust, hqe, soft demotions. I can share specifics privately. Will ping.
Like Reply · 2y
Thanks!
Like Reply 2y
you could use this experiment for your project? Though the treatment is a mix of lots
of atomic treatments so I'm not sure this will help untangle causal relationships.
Chate
